STAR WARSEpisode IVA NEW HOPEFrom theJOURNAL OF THE WHILLSbyGeorge LucasRevised Fourth DraftJanuary 15, 1976LUCASFILM LTD.A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title.War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawlsinto infinity.It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships,striking from a hidden base, have won their firstvictory against the evil Galactic Empire.During the battle, Rebel spies managed to stealsecret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, theDeath Star, an armored space station with enoughpower to destroy an entire planet.Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, PrincessLeia races home aboard her starship, custodian ofthe stolen plans that can save her people andrestore freedom to the galaxy...The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a totaleclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tinysilver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasersfrom the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursedby a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadlylaserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causingthe main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN PASSAGEWAYAn explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their waythrough the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots areold and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. Hisface is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye.Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot ofhuman proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallicsurface of an Art Deco design.Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.THREEPIODid you hear that? They've shut downthe main reactor. We'll be destroyedfor sure. This is madness!Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions inthe main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.THREEPIOWe're doomed!The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds thatonly another robot could understand.THREEPIOThere'll be no escape for the Princessthis time.Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts asloud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipmentare heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.THREEPIOWhat's that?EXT. SPACECRAFT IN SPACEThe Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel BlockadeRunner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into theunderside dock of the giant Imperial starship.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNERThe nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly atremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway anda score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers maketheir way into the smoke-filled corridor.In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze withlaserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patternscreating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duckbehind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldierswho scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shatteredarms and faces.An explosion hits near the robots.THREEPIOI should have known better than totrust the logic of a half-sizedthermocapsulary dehousing assister...Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle ragesaround the two hapless robots.EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - DAYA death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon.The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lonefigure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirationswho looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggyhair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovablelad with a prize-winning smile.A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on alarge battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of thedesert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aidedby a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robotappears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye andhe instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from hisutility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studyingthe heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repairedLandspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feetabove the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for thetiny robot to follow him.LUKEHurry up! Come with me! What are youwaiting for?! Get in gear!The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, andsmoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws hisarms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumpsinto his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hummadly.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN HALLWAYThe awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes hisway into the blinding light of the main passageway. This isDarth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscuredby his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, whichstands out next to the fascist white armored suits of theImperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs awayfrom the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps throughthe Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and runin a frenzied panic.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNERA woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.Artoo makes beeping sounds.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNERThreepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo isnowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebelsoldiers can be heard in the distance.THREEPIOArtoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention andhe spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke-filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen yearsold) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place,dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjustingsomething on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the littlerobot joins his companion.THREEPIOAt last! Where have you been?Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.THREEPIOThey're heading in this direction.What are we going to do? We'll besent to the spice mine of Kessel orsmashed into who knows what!Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down thesubhallway. Threepio chases after him.THREEPIOWait a minute, where are you going?Artoo responds with electronic beeps.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - CORRIDORThe evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodiesof his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck asan Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.IMPERIAL OFFICERThe Death Star plans are not in themain computer.Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who strugglesin vain.VADERWhere are those transmissions youintercepted?Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.VADERWhat have you done with those plans?REBEL OFFICERWe intercepted no transmissions.Aaah... This is a consular ship.Were on a diplomatic mission.VADERIf this is a consular ship... wereis the Ambassador?The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as theDark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating agruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp.Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns tohis troops.VADERCommander, tear this ship apart untilyou've found those plans and bringme the Ambassador. I want her alive!The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAYThe lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as thestormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess LeiaOrgana, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in hereyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing soundsof the approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of thetroopers spots her.TROOPERThere she is! Set for stun!Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper withher laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by aparalyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.TROOPERShe'll be all right. Inform LordVader we have a prisoner.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAYArtoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod.He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning lightbegins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way intothe cramped four-man pod.THREEPIOHey, you're not permitted in there.It's restricted. You'll be deactivatedfor sure..Artoo beeps something to him.THREEPIODon't call me a mindless philosopher,you overweight glob of grease! Nowcome out before somebody sees you.Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regardingthe mission he is about to perform.THREEPIOSecret mission? What plans? What areyou talking about? I'm not gettingin there!Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beepsand twangs angrily.A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debristhrough the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and,after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lankyrobot jumps into the lifepod.THREEPIOI'm going to regret this.INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYEROn the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrifiedrobots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.CHIEF PILOTThere goes another one.CAPTAINHold your fire. There are no lifeforms. It must have been short-circuited.INT. LIFEPODArtoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.THREEPIOThat's funny, the damage doesn'tlook as bad from out here.Artoo beeps an assuring response.THREEPIOAre you sure this things safe?EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAYHeat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached whitebuildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dustyempty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs toget out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fistat Luke as he flies past.WOMANI've told you kids to slow down!INT. POWER STATION - DAYLuke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a ruggedmechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has beenasleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through theoffice, yelling wildly.FIXERDid I hear a young noise blast throughhere?CAMIEIt was just wormie on another rampage.Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deakand Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, areplaying a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly,handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashycity attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunicsof the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in thebackground.LUKEShape it up you guys!... Biggs?Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to greatjoy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.LUKEI didn't know you were back! Whendid you get in?BIGGSJust now. I wanted to surprise you,hot shot. I thought you'd be here...certainly didn't expect you to beout working.(he laughs)LUKEThe Academy didn't change youmuch...but you're back so soon? Hey,what happened, didn't you get yourcommission?Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.BIGGSOf course I got it. Signed aboardThe Rand Ecliptic last week. Firstmate Biggs Darklighter at yourservice...(he salutes)...I just came to say good-bye toall you unfortunate landlockedsimpletons.Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing friendis almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out ofit.LUKEI almost forgot. There's a battlegoing on! Right here in our system.Come and look!DEAKNot again! Forget it.EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD - SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION -DAYThe group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camieand The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes.Luke has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.LUKEThere they are!Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain tosee something with the naked eye. Through the binocularsBiggs sees two small silver specks.BIGGSThat's no battle, hot shot... they'rejust sitting there! Probably afreighter-tanker refueling.LUKEBut there was a lot of firingearlier...Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against thebuilding in the process. Luke grabs them.LUKEHey, easy with those...CAMIEDon't worry about it, Wormie.The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugshis shoulders in resignation.FIXERI keep telling you, the Rebellion isa long way from here. I doubt if theEmpire would even fight to keep thissystem. Believe me Luke, this planetis a big hunk of nothing...Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. Thegroup stumbles back into the power station, grumbling aboutLuke's ineptitude.INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - HALLWAYPrincess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squadof armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she isbrutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the brisklymarching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vaderemerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hardat the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.LEIALord Vader, I should have known.Only you could be so bold. TheImperial Senate will not sit forthis, when they hear you've attackeda diplomatic...VADERDon't play games with me, YourHighness. You weren't on any mercymission this time. You passed directlythrough a restricted system. Severaltransmissions were beamed to thisship by Rebel spies. I want to knowwhat happened to the plans they sentyou.LEIAI don't know what you're talkingabout. I'm a member of the ImperialSenate on a diplomatic mission toAlderaan...VADERYou're a part of the Rebel Alliance...and a traitor. Take her away!Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the smolderinghole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial Commanderturns to Vader.COMMANDERHolding her is dangerous. If word ofthis gets out, it could generatesympathy for the Rebellion in thesenate.VADERI have traced the Rebel spies toher. Now she is my only link to findtheir secret base!COMMANDERShe'll die before she tells youanything.VADERLeave that to me. Send a distresssignal and then inform the senatethat all aboard were killed!Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the Commander.They stop and snap to attention.SECOND OFFICERLord Vader, the battle station plansare not aboard this ship! And notransmissions were made. An escapepod was jettisoned during thefighting, but no life forms wereaboard.Vader turns to the Commander.VADERShe must have hidden the plans inthe escape pod. Send a detachmentdown to retrieve them. See to itpersonally, Commander. There'll beno one to stop us this time.COMMANDERYes, sir.EXT. SPACEThe Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of theplanet Tatooine.EXT. TATOOINE - DESERTJundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesasmeet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droidskick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsilywork their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod inthe distance rests half buried in the sand.THREEPIOHow did I get into this mess? I reallydon't know how. We seem to be madeto suffer. It's our lot in life.Artoo answers with beeping sounds.THREEPIOI've got to rest before I fall apart.My joints are almost frozen.Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.THREEPIOWhat a desolate place this is.Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and startsoff in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepiostops and yells at him.THREEPIOWhere are you going?A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the smallrobot.THREEPIOWell, I'm not going that way. It'smuch too rocky. This way is mucheasier.Artoo counters with a long whistle.THREEPIOWhat makes you think there aresettlements over there?Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.THREEPIODon't get technical with me.Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.THREEPIOWhat mission? What are you talkingabout? I've had just about enough ofyou! Go that way! You'll bemalfunctioning within a day, younearsighted scrap pile!Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in thedirection of the vast dune sea.THREEPIOAnd don't let me catch you followingme begging for help, because youwon't get it.Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudgesoff in the direction of the towering mesas.THREEPIONo more adventures. I'm not goingthat way.Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the distantmountains.EXT. TATOOINE - DUNE SEAThreepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of adune; only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endlessmiles.  He looks back in the direction of the now distantrock mesas.THREEPIOThat malfunctioning little twerp.This is all his fault! He tricked meinto going this way, but he'll do nobetter.In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the sandfrom his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint ofreflected light in the distance reveals an object movingtowards him.THREEPIOWait, what's that? A transport! I'msaved!The bronze android waves frantically and yells at theapproaching transport.THREEPIOOver here! Help! Please, help!EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAYLuke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixerand the others can be heard working inside.LUKE(Very animated)...so I cut off my power, shut downthe afterburners and came in low onDeak's trail. I was so close I thoughtI was going to fry my instruments.As it was I busted up the Skyhopperpretty bad. Uncle Owen was prettyupset. He grounded me for the restof the season. You should have beenthere... it was fantastic.BIGGSYou ought to take it easy Luke. Youmay be the hottest bushpilot thisside of Mos Eisley, but those littleSkyhoppers are dangerous. Keep itup, and one day, whammo, you're goingto be nothing more than a dark spoton the down side of a canyon wall.LUKELook who's talking. Now that you'vebeen around those giant starshipsyou're beginning to sound like myuncle. You've gotten soft in thecity...BIGGSI've missed you kid.LUKEWell, things haven't been the samesince you left, Biggs. It's beenso... quiet.Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.BIGGSLuke, I didn't come back just to saygood-bye... I shouldn't tell youthis, but you're the only one I cantrust... and if I don't come back, Iwant somebody to know.Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.LUKEWhat are you talking about?BIGGSI made some friends at the Academy.(he whispers)...when our frigate goes to one ofthe central systems, we're going tojump ship and join the Alliance...Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.LUKEJoin the Rebellion?! Are you kidding!How?BIGGSQuiet down will ya! You got a mouthbigger than a meteor crater!LUKEI'm sorry. I'm quiet.(he whispers)Listen how quiet I am. You can barelyhear me...Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.BIGGSMy friend has a friend on Bestinewho might help us make contact.LUKEYou're crazy! You could wander aroundforever trying to find them.BIGGSI know it's a long shot, but if Idon't find them I'll do what I canon my own... It's what we alwaystalked about. Luke, I'm not going towait for the Empire to draft me intoservice. The Rebellion is spreadingand I want to be on the right side --the side I believe in.LUKEAnd I'm stuck here...BIGGSI thought you were going to theAcademy next term. You'll get yourchance to get off this rock.LUKENot likely! I had to cancel myapplication. There has been a lot ofunrest among the Sandpeople sinceyou left... they've even raided theoutskirts of Anchorhead.BIGGSYour uncle could hold off a wholecolony of Sandpeople with one blaster.LUKEI know, but he's got enough vaporatorsgoing to make the place pay off. Heneeds me for just one more season. Ican't leave him now.BIGGSI feel for you, Luke, you're goingto have to learn what seems to beimportant or what really is important.What good is all your uncle's workif it's taken over by the Empire?...You know they're starting tonationalize commerce in the centralsystems... it won't be long beforeyour uncle is merely a tenant, slavingfor the greater glory of the Empire.LUKEIt couldn't happen here. You said ityourself. The Empire won't botherwith this rock.BIGGSThings always change.LUKEI wish I was going... Are you goingto be around long?BIGGSNo, I'm leaving in the morning...LUKEThen I guess I won't see you.BIGGSMaybe someday... I'll keep a lookout.LUKEWell, I'll be at the Academy nextseason... after that who knows. Iwon't be drafted into the ImperialStarfleet that's for sure... Takecare of yourself, you'll always bethe best friend I've got.BIGGSSo long, Luke.Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards thepower station.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SUNSETThe gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strangeforeboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creaturesfill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rockcanyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as hegoes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops fora moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon walland a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A littlefurther up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals apair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from thenarrow path.The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail untilsuddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots outof the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He managesone short electronic squeak before he topples over onto hisback. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, thenoff again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no tallerthan Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as theycautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks andtheir faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can beseen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heavethe heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off downthe trail.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSETThe eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld asmall disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under alarge tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robotis sucked into the giant machine.The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small laddersand enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.INT. SANDCRAWLER - HOLD AREAIt is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artooswitches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumblesaround the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rustymetal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted andmaimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimperand stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the endof the chamber.INT. SANDCRAWLER - PRISON AREAArtoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In themiddle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of variousshapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation,while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition callsout from the gloom.THREEPIOArtoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSETThe enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificenttwin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountainridge.EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - DAYFour Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine.A trooper yells to an officer some distance away.FIRST TROOPERSomeone was in the pod. The tracksgo off in this direction.A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sandand gives it to the first trooper.SECOND TROOPERLook, sir -- droids.EXT. TATOOINE - DUNESThe Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.INT. SANDCRAWLERThreepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the crampedprison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.THREEPIOWake up! Wake up!Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops,creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lightspop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the longchamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blindingwhite light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through theodd assortment of robots.THREEPIOWe're doomed.A Jawa starts moving toward them.THREEPIODo you think they'll melt us down?Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.THREEPIODon't shoot! Don't shoot! Will thisnever end?EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOONThe Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up theirbattered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front ofthe enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a smallhomestead consisting of three large holes in the groundsurrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one smalladobe block house.The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straighteningthem up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbow.The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attractingsmall insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nostrilsshould be.Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen Lars,a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes aresunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefullyinspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump-shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile littleJawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated salespitch in a queer, unintelligible language.A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form thehomestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Berustanding in the main courtyard.BERULuke, tell Owen that if he gets atranslator to be sure it speaks Bocce.LUKEIt looks like we don't have much ofa choice but I'll remind him.Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipmentfor sale with the Jawa leader.OWENI have no need for a protocol droid.THREEPIO(quickly)Sir -- not in an environment such asthis -- that's why I've also beenprogrammed for over thirty secondaryfunctions that...OWENWhat I really need is a droid thatunderstands the binary language ofmoisture vaporators.THREEPIOVaporators! Sir -- My first job wasprogramming binary load lifter...very similar to your vaporators. Youcould say...OWENDo you speak Bocce?THREEPIOOf course I can, sir. It's like asecond language for me... I'm asfluent in Bocce...OWENAll right shut up!(turning to Jawa)I'll take this one.THREEPIOShutting up, sir.OWENLuke, take these two over to thegarage, will you? I want you to haveboth of them cleaned up before dinner.LUKEBut I was going into Toshi Stationto pick up some power converters...OWENYou can waste time with your friendswhen your chores are done. Now comeon, get to it!LUKEAll right, come on! And the red one,come on. Well, come on, Red, let'sgo.As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots backinto the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little beepand starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restrainedby a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the tworobots start off for the garage when a plate pops off thehead of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.LUKEUncle Owen...OWENYeah?LUKEThis R2 unit has a bad motivator.Look!OWEN(to the head Jawa)Hey, what're you trying to push onus?The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sneakedout of line and is moving up and down trying to attractattention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio tapsLuke on the shoulder.THREEPIO(pointing to Artoo)Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit isin prime condition. A real bargain.LUKEUncle Owen...OWENYeah?LUKEWhat about that one?OWEN(to Jawa)What about that blue one? We'll takethat one.With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the damagedastro-droid for Artoo.LUKEYeah, take it away.THREEPIOUh, I'm quite sure you'll be verypleased with that one, sir. He reallyis in first-class condition. I'veworked with him before. Here he comes.Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robotstrudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.LUKEOkay, let's go.THREEPIO(to Artoo)Now, don't you forget this! Why Ishould stick my neck out for you isquite beyond my capacity!INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOONThe garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peacefulatmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowershimself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near thebattered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large batterywith a cord to his face.THREEPIOThank the maker! This oil bath isgoing to feel so good. I've got sucha bad case of dust contamination, Ican barely move!Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in thoughtas he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-manSkyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garage.Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and heslams a wrench across the workbench.LUKEIt just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs isright. I'm never gonna get out ofhere!THREEPIOIs there anything I might do to help?Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger drainsand a tiny smile creeps across his face.LUKEWell, not unless you can alter time,speed up the harvest, or teleport meoff this rock!THREEPIOI don't think so, sir. I'm only adroid and not very knowledgeableabout such things. Not on this planet,anyways. As a matter of fact, I'mnot even sure which planet I'm on.LUKEWell, if there's a bright center tothe universe, you're on the planetthat it's farthest from.THREEPIOI see, sir.LUKEUh, you can call me Luke.THREEPIOI see, sir Luke.LUKE(laughing)Just Luke.THREEPIOAnd I am See-Threepio, human-cyborgrelations, and this is my counterpart,Artoo-Detoo.LUKEHello.Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins toscrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chromepick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wipingoil from his bronze body.LUKEYou got a lot of carbon scoring here.It looks like you boys have seen alot of action.THREEPIOWith all we've been through, sometimesI'm amazed we're in as good conditionas we are, what with the Rebellionand all.LUKEYou know of the Rebellion againstthe Empire?THREEPIOThat's how we came to be in yourservice, if you take my meaning,sir.LUKEHave you been in many battles?THREEPIOSeveral, I think. Actually, there'snot much to tell. I'm not much morethan an interpreter, and not verygood at telling stories. Well, notat making them interesting, anyways.Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo'sneck joint. He uses a larger pick.LUKEWell, my little friend, you've gotsomething jammed in here real good.Were you on a cruiser or...The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumblinghead over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three-dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, beingprojected from the face of little Artoo. The image is arainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimlylit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.LEIAHelp me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're myonly hope.LUKEWhat's this?Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for Threepioto translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence fragmentover and over.THREEPIOWhat is what?!? He asked you aquestion...(pointing to Leia)What is that?Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just noticethe hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answerfor Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat thesentence fragment over and over.LEIAHelp me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're myonly hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.You're my only hope.THREEPIOOh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merelya malfunction. Old data. Pay it nomind.Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.LUKEWho is she? She's beautiful.THREEPIOI'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.LEIAHelp me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...THREEPIOI think she was a passenger on ourlast voyage. A person of someimportance, sir -- I believe. Ourcaptain was attached to...LUKEIs there more to this recording?Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several franticsqueaks and a whistle.THREEPIOBehave yourself, Artoo. You're goingto get us in trouble. It's all right,you can trust him. He's our newmaster.Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.THREEPIOHe says he's the property of Obi-WanKenobi, a resident of these parts.And it's a private message for him.Quite frankly, sir I don't know whathe's talking about. Our last masterwas Captain Antilles, but with whatwe've been through, this little R2unit has become a bit eccentric.LUKEObi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he meansold Ben Kenobi?THREEPIOI beg your pardon, sir, but do youknow what he's talking about?LUKEWell, I don't know anyone named Obi-Wan, but old Ben lives out beyondthe dune sea. He's kind of a strangeold hermit.Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a fewmoments.LUKEI wonder who she is. It sounds likeshe's in trouble. I'd better playback the whole thing.Artoo beeps something to Threepio.THREEPIOHe says the restraining bolt hasshort circuited his recording system.He suggests that if you remove thebolt, he might be able to play backthe entire recording.Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and hasn'treally heard what Threepio has been saying.LUKEH'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you'retoo small to run away on me if Itake this off! Okay.Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt offArtoo's side.LUKEThere you go.The princess immediately disappears...LUKEWell, wait a minute. Where'd she go?Bring her back! Play back the entiremessage.Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up inembarrassment.THREEPIOWhat message? The one you're carryinginside your rusty innards!A women's voice calls out from another room.AUNT BERULuke? Luke! Come to dinner!Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioningrobot.LUKEAll right, I'll be right there, AuntBeru.THREEPIOI'm sorry, sir, but he appears tohave picked up a slight flutter.Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench andhurries out of the room.LUKEWell, see what you can do with him.I'll be right back.THREEPIO(to Artoo)Just you reconsider playing thatmessage for him.Artoo beeps in response.THREEPIONo, I don't think he likes you atall.Artoo beeps.THREEPIONo, I don't like you either.INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - DINING AREALuke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcherwith blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowlsof food and starts for the dining area.Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered withsteaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of redgrain.LUKEYou know, I think that R2 unit webought might have been stolen.OWENWhat makes you think that?LUKEWell, I stumbled across a recordingwhile I was cleaning him. He says hebelongs to someone called Obi-WanKenobi.Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, butmanages to control himself.LUKEI thought he might have meant oldBen. Do you know what he's talkingabout? Well, I wonder if he's relatedto Ben.Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.OWENThat old man's just a crazy oldwizard. Tomorrow I want you to takethat R2 unit into Anchorhead andhave its memory flushed. That'll bethe end of it. It belongs to us now.LUKEBut what if this Obi-Wan comes lookingfor him?OWENHe won't, I don't think he existsany more. He died about the sametime as your father.LUKEHe knew my father?OWENI told you to forget it. Your onlyconcern is to prepare the new droidsfor tomorrow. In the morning I wantthem on the south ridge working outthose condensers.LUKEYes, sir. I think those new droidsare going to work out fine. In fact,I, uh, was also thinking about ouragreement about my staying on anotherseason. And if these new droids dowork out, I want to transmit myapplication to the Academy this year.Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppressit.OWENYou mean the next semester beforeharvest?LUKESure, there're more than enoughdroids.OWENHarvest is when I need you the most.Only one more season. This year we'llmake enough on the harvest so I'llbe able to hire some more hands. Andthen you can go to the Academy nextyear.Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his uncle.OWENYou must understand I need you here,Luke.LUKEBut it's a whole 'nother year.OWENLook, it's only one more season.Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.LUKEYeah, that's what you said last yearwhen Biggs and Tank left.AUNT BERUWhere are you going?LUKEIt looks like I'm going nowhere. Ihave to finish cleaning those droids.Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owenmechanically finishes his dinner.AUNT BERUOwen, he can't stay here forever.Most of his friends have gone. Itmeans so much to him.OWENI'll make it up to him next year. Ipromise.AUNT BERULuke's just not a farmer, Owen. Hehas too much of his father in him.OWENThat's what I'm afraid of.EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEADThe giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind adistant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a fewmoments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to thehomestead.INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGELuke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere insight. He takes a small control box from his utility beltsimilar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates thebox, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out ashort yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.LUKEWhat are you doing hiding there?Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere insight.THREEPIOIt wasn't my fault, sir. Please don'tdeactivate me. I told him not to go,but he's faulty, malfunctioning;kept babbling on about his mission.LUKEOh, no!Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEADLuke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homesteadand searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on thesalt flat as Luke scans the landscape with hiselectrobinoculars.THREEPIOThat R2 unit has always been aproblem. These astro-droids aregetting quite out of hand. Even Ican't understand their logic at times.LUKEHow could I be so stupid? He's nowherein sight. Blast it!THREEPIOPardon me, sir, but couldn't we goafter him?LUKEIt's too dangerous with all theSandpeople around. We'll have towait until morning.Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.OWENLuke, I'm shutting the power downfor the night.LUKEAll right, I'll be there in a fewminutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.He takes one final look across the dim horizon.LUKEYou know that little droid is goingto cause me a lot of trouble.THREEPIOOh, he excels at that, sir.INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - PLAZAMorning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis ofthe open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling ofUncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.OWENLuke? Luke? Luke? Where could he beloafing now!INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - KITCHENThe interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beruprepares the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.OWENHave you seen Luke this morning?AUNT BERUHe said he had some things to dobefore he started today, so he leftearly.OWENUh? Did he take those two new droidswith him?AUNT BERUI think so.OWENWell, he'd better have those unitsin the south range repaired be middayor there'll be hell to pay!EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - LUKE'S SPEEDER - DAYThe rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepiopilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vastwasteland.INT./EXT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND - TRAVELING -DAYLuke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts somethingin the motor compartment.LUKE(yelling)How's that.Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into thewind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.LUKEOld Ben Kenobi lives out in thisdirection somewhere, but I don't seehow that R2 unit could have comethis far. We must have missed him.Uncle Owen isn't going to take thisvery well.THREEPIOSir, would it help if you told himit was my fault.LUKE(brightening)Sure. He needs you. He'd probablyonly deactivate you for a day orso...THREEPIODeactivate! Well, on the other handif you hadn't removed his restrainingbolt...LUKEWait, there's something dead aheadon the scanner. It looks like ourdroid... hit the accelerator.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAYFrom high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seengliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foregroundtwo weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desertcloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of themarginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifleand points it at the speeder but the second creature grabsthe gun before it can be fired.The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes called,speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into ananimated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get inthe final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - CANYONThe Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tiedto a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as largeas elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns,and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raidersmount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backsand ride off down the rugged bluff.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOORThe speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke,with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, standsbefore little Artoo.LUKEHey, whoa, just where do you thinkyou're going?The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio posesmenacingly behind the little runaway.THREEPIOMaster Luke here is your rightfulowner. We'll have no more of thisObi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don'ttalk to me about your mission, either.You're fortunate he doesn't blastyou into a million pieces right here.LUKEWell, come on. It's getting late. Ionly hope we can get back beforeUncle Owen really blows up.THREEPIOIf you don't mind my saying so, sir,I think you should deactivate thelittle fugitive until you've gottenhim back to your workshop.LUKENo, he's not going to try anything.Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of franticwhistles and screams.LUKEWhat's wrong with him now?THREEPIOOh my... sir, he says there areseveral creatures approaching fromthe southeast.Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.LUKESandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let'shave a look. Come on.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - RIDGE - DAYLuke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge andscans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots thetwo riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the youngadventurer.LUKEThere are two Banthas down there butI don't see any... wait a second,they're Sandpeople all right. I cansee one of them now.Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through hiselectrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front ofhis field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large,gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startledand backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can beheard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattlesdown the side of the mountain.The towering creature brings down his curved, double-pointedgaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror inthe heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to blockthe blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces.The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is forcedto the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider standsover him with his weapon raised and lets out a horribleshrieking laugh.EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR - DAYArtoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove inthe rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying theinert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before thespeeder.  The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing partsand supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Theneverything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moanis heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends theSandpeople fleeing in terror.Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slightswishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows evencloser, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears andleans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked andweathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetratingeyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyesas he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes aslight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.BENHello there! Come here my littlefriend. Don't be afraid.Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap andbegins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand onLuke's forehead and he begins to come around.BENDon't worry, he'll be all right.LUKEWhat happened?BENRest easy, son, you've had a busyday. You're fortunate you're stillin one piece.LUKEBen? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad tosee you!BENThe Jundland wastes are not to betraveled lightly. Tell me young Luke,what brings you out this far?LUKEOh, this little droid! I think he'ssearching for his former master...I've never seen such devotion in adroid before... there seems to be nostopping him. He claims to be theproperty of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is hea relative of yours? Do you know whohe's talking about?Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.BENObi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thatsa name I haven't heard in a longtime... a long time.LUKEI think my uncle knew him. He saidhe was dead.BENOh, he's not dead, not... not yet.LUKEYou know him!BENWell of course, of course I knowhim. He's me! I haven't gone by thename Obi-Wan since oh, before youwere born.LUKEThen the droid does belong to you.BENDon't seem to remember ever owning adroid. Very interesting...He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.BENI think we better get indoors. TheSandpeople are easily startled butthey will soon be back and in greaternumbers.Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a patheticbeep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.LUKEThreepio!EXT. TATOOINE - SAND PIT - ROCK MESA - DAYLittle Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and beginsto chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke andBen stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying halfburied in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and thenflips a hidden switch on his back several times until finallythe mechanical man's systems turn on.THREEPIOWhere am I? I must have taken a badstep...LUKECan you stand? We've got to get outof here before the Sandpeople return.THREEPIOI don't think I can make it. You goon, Master Luke. There's no sense inyou risking yourself on my account.I'm done for.Artoo makes a beeping sound.LUKENo, you're not. What kind of talk isthat?Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. LittleArtoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances aroundsuspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs theair.BENQuickly, son... they're on the move.INT. KENOBI'S DWELLINGThe small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk butstill manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort andsecurity. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, asold Ben sits thinking.LUKENo, my father didn't fight in thewars. He was a navigator on a spicefreighter.BENThat's what your uncle told you. Hedidn't hold with your father's ideals.Thought he should have stayed hereand not gotten involved.LUKEYou fought in the Clone Wars?BENYes, I was once a Jedi Knight thesame as your father.LUKEI wish I'd known him.BENHe was the best star-pilot in thegalaxy, and a cunning warrior. Iunderstand you've become quite agood pilot yourself. And he was agood friend. Which reminds me...Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit therestraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on thetable. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handlewith several electronic gadgets attached to it.BENI have something here for you. Yourfather wanted you to have this whenyou were old enough, but your unclewouldn't allow it. He feared youmight follow old Obi-Wan on somedamned-fool idealistic crusade likeyour father did.THREEPIOSir, if you'll not be needing me,I'll close down for awhile.LUKESure, go ahead.Ben hands Luke the saber.LUKEWhat is it?BENYour fathers lightsaber. This is theweapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsyor as random as a blaster.Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots outabout four feet and flickers there. The light plays acrossthe ceiling.BENAn elegant weapon for a more civilizedtime. For over a thousand generationsthe Jedi Knights were the guardiansof peace and justice in the OldRepublic. Before the dark times,before the Empire.Luke hasn't really been listening.LUKEHow did my father die?BENA young Jedi named Darth Vader, whowas a pupil of mine until he turnedto evil, helped the Empire hunt downand destroy the Jedi Knights. Hebetrayed and murdered your father.Now the Jedi are all but extinct.Vader was seduced by the dark sideof the Force.LUKEThe Force?BENWell, the Force is what gives a Jedihis power. It's an energy fieldcreated by all living things. Itsurrounds us and penetrates us. Itbinds the galaxy together.Artoo makes beeping sounds.BENNow, let's see if we can't figureout what you are, my little friend.And where you come from.LUKEI saw part of the message he was...Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautifulyoung Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.BENI seem to have found it.Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers beforehis eyes.LEIAGeneral Kenobi, years ago you servedmy father in the Clone Wars. Now hebegs you to help him in his struggleagainst the Empire. I regret that Iam unable to present my father'srequest to you in person, but myship has fallen under attack and I'mafraid my mission to bring you toAlderaan has failed. I have placedinformation vital to the survival ofthe Rebellion into the memory systemsof this R2 unit. My father will knowhow to retrieve it. You must seethis droid safely delivered to himon Alderaan. This is our mostdesperate hour. Help me, Obi-WanKenobi, you're my only hope.There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffson a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.BENYou must learn the ways of the Forceif you're to come with me to Alderaan.LUKE(laughing)Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan.I've got to go home. It's late, I'min for it as it is.BENI need your help, Luke. She needsyour help. I'm getting too old forthis sort of thing.LUKEI can't get involved! I've got workto do! It's not that I like theEmpire. I hate it! But there's nothingI can do about it right now. It'ssuch a long way from here.BENThat's your uncle talking.LUKE(sighing)Oh, God, my uncle. How am I evergoing to explain this?BENLearn about the Force, Luke.LUKELook, I can take you as far asAnchorhead. You can get a transportthere to Mos Eisley or wherever you'regoing.BENYou must do what you feel is right,of course.EXT. SPACE.An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-likebattle station: the Death Star!INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOMEight Imperial senators and generals sit around a blackconference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard aroundthe room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general,is speaking.TAGGEUntil this battle station is fullyoperational we are vulnerable. TheRebel Alliance is too well equipped.They're more dangerous than yourealize.The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.MOTTIDangerous to your starfleet,Commander, not to this battle station!TAGGEThe Rebellion will continue to gaina support in the Imperial Senate aslong as....Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cutshort and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperialoutland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally,The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand andbow before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes hisplace at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behindhim.TARKINThe Imperial Senate will no longerbe of any concern to us. I've justreceived word that the Emperor hasdissolved the council permanently.The last remnants of the Old Republichave been swept away.TAGGEThat's impossible! How will theEmperor maintain control without thebureaucracy?TARKINThe regional governors now have directcontrol over territories. Fear willkeep the local systems in line. Fearof this battle station.TAGGEAnd what of the Rebellion? If theRebels have obtained a completetechnical readout of this station,it is possible, however unlikely,that they might find a weakness andexploit it.VADERThe plans you refer to will soon beback in our hands.MOTTIAny attack made by the Rebels againstthis station would be a uselessgesture, no matter what technicaldata they've obtained. This stationis now the ultimate power in theuniverse. I suggest we use it!VADERDon't be too proud of thistechnological terror you'veconstructed. The ability to destroya planet is insignificant next tothe power of the Force.MOTTIDon't try to frighten us with yoursorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Yoursad devotion to that ancient religionhas not helped you conjure up thestolen data tapes, or given youclairvoyance enough to find theRebel's hidden fort...Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader'sspell.VADERI find your lack of faith disturbing.TARKINEnough of this! Vader, release him!VADERAs you wish.TARKINThis bickering is pointless. LordVader will provide us with thelocation of the Rebel fortress bythe time this station is operational.We will then crush the Rebellionwith one swift stroke.EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELANDThe speeder stops before what remains of the huge JawasSandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubbleand scattered bodies.LUKEIt looks like Sandpeople did this,all right. Look, here are Gaffisticks, Bantha tracks. It's just...I never heard of them hitting anythingthis big before.Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.BENThey didn't. But we are meant tothink they did. These tracks areside by side. Sandpeople always ridesingle file to hide there numbers.LUKEThese are the same Jawas that soldus Artoo and Threepio.BENAnd these blast points, too accuratefor Sandpeople. Only Imperialstormtroopers are so precise.LUKEWhy would Imperial troops want toslaughter Jawas?Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio areinspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.LUKEIf they traced the robots here, theymay have learned who they sold themto. And that would lead them home!Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races forthe speeder and jumps it.BENWait, Luke! It's too dangerous.Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with theburning Sandcrawler.EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELANDLuke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEADThe speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumpsout and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home.Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a greatbattle has taken place.LUKEUncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and uncle.Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He isstunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a newresolve comes over him.EXT. SPACEImperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDORTwo stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allowseveral Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face isfilled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as agiant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.VADERAnd, now Your Highness, we willdiscuss the location of your hiddenRebel base.The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as itapproaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanicalarms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shutand the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffledscreams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELANDThere is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front ofthe Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning thedead.  Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over tohim.BENThere's nothing you could have done,Luke, had you been there. You'd havebeen killed, too, and the droidswould be in the hands of the Empire.LUKEI want to come with you to Alderaan.There's nothing here for me now. Iwant to learn the ways of the Forceand become a Jedi like my father.EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELANDThe Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in itzooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluffoverlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazardarray of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. Aharsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjustshis goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff whereBen is standing.BENMos Eisley Spaceport. You will neverfind a more wretched hive of scumand villainy. We must be cautious.Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determinedsmile.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETThe speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several combat-hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Trooperquestions Luke.TROOPERHow long have you had these droids?LUKEAbout three or four seasons.BENThey're for sale if you want them.TROOPERLet me see your identification.Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID whileBen speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.BENYou don't need to see hisidentification.TROOPERWe don't need to see hisidentification.BENThese are not the droids your lookingfor.TROOPERThese are not the droids we're lookingfor.BENHe can go about his business.TROOPERYou can go about your business.BEN(to Luke)Move along.TROOPERMove along. Move along.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETThe speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantinaon the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms oftransport, including several unusual beasts of burden, areparked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondlethe speeder.THREEPIOI can't abide these Jawas. Disgustingcreatures.As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawaaway.LUKEGo on, go on. I can't understand howwe got by those troopers. I thoughtwe were dead.BENThe Force can have a strong influenceon the weak-minded. You will find ita powerful ally.LUKEDo you really think we're going tofind a pilot here that'll take us toAlderaan?BENWell, most of the best freighterpilots can be found here. Only watchyour step. This place can be a littlerough.LUKEI'm ready for anything.THREEPIOCome along, Artoo.INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINAThe young adventurer and his two mechanical servants followBen Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldyden is filled with a startling array of weird and exoticalien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. Atfirst the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy,furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle overdrinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a groupof repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartenderstops Luke and the robots.BARTENDERWe don't serve their kind here!Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so manyoutlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender'sdrift.LUKEWhat?BARTENDERYour droids. They'll have to waitoutside. We don't want them here.Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of theGalactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creaturesalong the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.LUKEListen, why don't you wait out bythe speeder. We don't want anytrouble.THREEPIOI heartily agree with you sir.Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of thecreatures at the bar go back to their drinks.Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage-looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey withfierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur-covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers,and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and asight to behold.Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several timesduring his conversation and the huge creature suddenly letsout a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bitdisconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation betweenBen and the giant Wookiee.Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sipshis drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic earor whatever.A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.CREATURENegola dewaghi wooldugger?!?The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignorethe creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubbyHuman and an even smaller rodent-like beast join thebelligerent monstrosity.HUMANHe doesn't like you.LUKEI'm sorry.HUMANI don't like you either.The big creature is getting agitated and yells out someunintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, youngadventurer.HUMANDon't insult us. You just watchyourself. We're wanted men. I havethe death sentence in twelve systems.LUKEI'll be careful than.HUMANYou'll be dead.The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the barmoves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. Histhree adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behindLuke.BENThis little one isn't worth theeffort. Come let me buy yousomething...A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the youngwould-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tablesand breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid.With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wickedchrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben.The bartender panics.BARTENDERNo blasters! No blaster!With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to lifeand in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cutin two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled,cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turnsoff his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt.Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities,attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matterof seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben isgiven a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbinghis bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Benpoints the the Wookiee.BENThis is Chewbacca. He's first-mateon a ship that might suit our needs.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETThreepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries onan electronic conversation with another little red astro-droid. A creature comes out of the cantina and approachestwo stormtroopers in the street.THREEPIOI don't like the look of this.INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINAStrange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-lookinginstruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink andfollows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo issitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty yearsold. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental,and cocksure.HANHan Solo. I'm captain of theMillennium Falcon. Chewie here tellsme you're looking for passage to theAlderaan system.BENYes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.HANFast ship? You've never heard of theMillennium Falcon?BENShould I have?HANIt's the ship that made the Kesselrun in less than twelve parsecs!Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them withobvious misinformation.HANI've outrun Imperial starships, notthe local bulk-cruisers, mind you.I'm talking about the big Corellianships now. She's fast enough foryou, old man. What's the cargo?BENOnly passengers. Myself, the boy,two droids, and no questions asked.HANWhat is it? Some kind of localtrouble?BENLet's just say we'd like to avoidany Imperial entanglements.HANWell, that's the trick, isn't it?And it's going to cost you somethingextra. Ten thousand in advance.LUKETen thousand? We could almost buyour own ship for that!HANBut who's going to fly it, kid! You?LUKEYou bet I could. I'm not such a badpilot myself! We don't have to sithere and listen...BENWe haven't that much with us. But wecould pay you two thousand now, plusfifteen when we reach Alderaan.HANSeventeen, huh!Han ponders this for a few moments.HANOkay. You guys got yourself a ship.We'll leave as soon as you're ready.Docking bay Ninety-four.BENNinety-four.HANLooks like somebody's beginning totake an interest in your handiwork.Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtrooperslooking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders somequestions. The bartender points to the booth.TROOPERAll right, we'll check it out.The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Benare gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.HANSeventeen thousand! Those guys mustreally be desperate. This could reallysave my neck. Get back to the shipand get her ready.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETBENYou'll have to sell your speeder.LUKEThat's okay. I'm never coming backto this planet again.INT. MOS EISLEY - CANTINAAs Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alienwith a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creaturespeaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.GREEDOGoing somewhere, Solo?HANYes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, Iwas just going to see your boss.Tell Jabba that I've got his money.Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding thegun on him.GREEDOIt's too late. You should have paidhim when you had the chance. Jabba'sput a price on your head, so largethat every bounty hunter in the galaxywill be looking for you. I'm lucky Ifound you first.HANYeah, but this time I got the money.GREEDOIf you give it to me, I might forgetI found you.HANI don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...GREEDOJabba's through with you. He has notime for smugglers who drop theirshipments at the first sign of anImperial cruiser.HANEven I get boarded sometimes. Do youthink I had a choice?Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.GREEDOYou can tell that to Jabba. He mayonly take your ship.HANOver my dead body.GREEDOThat's the idea. I've been lookingforward to killing you for a longtime.HANYes, I'll bet you have.Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash oflight. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table asthe other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets upand starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender somecoins as he leaves.HANSorry about the mess.EXT. SPACESeveral TIE fighters approach the Death Star.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMVADERHer resistance to the mind probe isconsiderable. It will be some timebefore we can extract any informationfrom her.An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.IMPERIAL OFFICERThe final check-out is complete. Allsystems are operational. What courseshall we set?TARKINPerhaps she would respond to analternative form of persuasion.VADERWhat do you mean?TARKINI think it is time we demonstratethe full power of this station.(to soldier)Set your course for Princess Leia'shome planet of Alderaan.TROOPERWith pleasure.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETFour heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along anarrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawkingexotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, androbots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering andhiding from the hot winds.THREEPIOLock the door, Artoo.One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moveson down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack andThreepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.TROOPERAll right, check that side of thestreet. It's secure. Move on to thenext door.The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.THREEPIOI would much rather have gone withMaster Luke than stay here with you.I don't know what all the trouble isabout, but I'm sure it must be yourfault.Artoo makes beeping sounds.THREEPIOYou watch your language!EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET - ALLEYWAY - USEDSPEEDER LOTBen and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot,talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speederdealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts passby as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.LUKEHe says it's the best he can do.Since the XP-38 came out, they'rejust not in demand.BENIt will be enough.Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dustyalleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-likecreatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at hisfaithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creaturemoves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them asthey disappear down another alley.BENIf the ship's as fast as he'sboasting, we ought to do well.INT. DOCKING BAY 94 - DAYJabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purplecreatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba isthe grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face isa grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He isa fat, slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers anda huge ugly mouth.JABBACome on out, Solo!A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them andthey turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee,Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.HANI've been waiting for you, Jabba.JABBAI expected you would be.HANI'm not the type to run.JABBA(fatherly-smooth)Han, my boy, there are times whenyou disappoint me... why haven't youpaid me? And why did you have to frypoor Greedo like that... after allwe've been through together.HANYou sent Greedo to blast me.JABBA(mock surprise)Han, why you're the best smuggler inthe business. You're too valuable tofry. He was only relaying my concernat your delays. He wasn't going toblast you.HANI think he thought he was. Next timedon't send one of those twerps. Ifyou've got something to say to me,come see me yourself.JABBAHan, Han! If only you hadn't had todump that shipment of spice... youunderstand I just can't make anexception. Where would I be if everypilot who smuggled for me dumpedtheir shipment at the first sign ofan Imperial starship? It's not goodbusiness.HANYou know, even I get boardedsometimes, Jabba. I had no choice,but I've got a charter now and I canpay you back, plus a little extra. Ijust need some more time.JABBA(to his men)Put your blasters away. Han, my boy,I'm only doing this because you'rethe best and I need you. So, for anextra, say twenty percent I'll giveyou a little more time... but thisis it. If you disappoint me again,I'll put a price on your head solarge you won't be able to go near acivilized system for the rest ofyour short life.HANJabba, I'll pay you because it's mypleasure.EXT. DOCKING PORT ENTRY - ALLEYWAYChewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay94.  Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry.The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speederlot.  He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a smalltransmitter.INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that isDocking Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is alarge, round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk thatcould only loosely be called a starship.LUKEWhat a piece of junk.The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.HANShe'll make point five beyond thespeed of light. She may not looklike much, but she's got it where itcounts, kid. I've added some specialmodifications myself.Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure aboutall this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the othersto follow.HANWe're a little rushed, so if you'llhurry aboard we'll get out of here.The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning HanSolo.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCONChewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mightyengines of the starship.INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the MillenniumFalcon passing Solo.THREEPIOHello, sir.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETEight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly cladcreature.TROOPERWhich way?The darkly clad creature points to the door of the dockingbay.TROOPERAll right, men. Load your weapons!INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94]The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down thedocking bay entrance.TROOPERStop that ship!Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rushinginto the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han ashe ducks into the spaceship.TROOPERBlast 'em!Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shotswhich force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. Thepirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button thatslams the overhead entry shut.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCONHANChewie, get us out of here!The group straps in for take off.THREEPIOOh, my. I'd forgotten how much Ihate space travel.EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETSThe half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the generalalarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises abovethe dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into themorning sky.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHan climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, whochatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINEThe Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHan frantically types information into the ship's computer.Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway,makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.HANIt looks like an Imperial cruiser.Our passengers must be hotter than Ithought. Try and hold them off. Anglethe deflector shield while I makethe calculations for the jump tolight speed.EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINEThe Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellowplanet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperialstardestroyers.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITOver the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxyspread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into thecramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.HANStay sharp! There are two more comingin; they're going to try to cut usoff.LUKEWhy don't you outrun them? I thoughtyou said this thing was fast.HANWatch your mouth, kid, or you'regoing to find yourself floating home.We'll be safe enough once we makethe jump to hyperspace. Besides, Iknow a few maneuvers. We'll losethem!EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINEImperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITThe ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.HANHere's where the fun begins!BENHow long before you can make thejump to light speed?HANIt'll take a few moments to get thecoordinates from the navi-computer.The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.LUKEAre you kidding? At the rate they'regaining...HANTraveling through hyperspace isn'tlike dusting crops, boy! Withoutprecise calculations we could flyright through a star or bounce tooclose to a supernova and that'd endyour trip real quick, wouldn't it?The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a redwarning light begins to flash.LUKEWhat's that flashing?HANWe're losing our deflector shield.Go strap yourself in, I'm going tomake the jump to light speed.The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as ifcrashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateshipmakes the jump to hyperspace.EXT. SPACEThe Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than asecond.EXT. DEATH STARAlderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMAdmiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows beforeGovernor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screendisplaying a small green planet.MOTTIWe've entered the Alderaan system.Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Herhands are bound.LEIAGovernor Tarkin, I should haveexpected to find you holding Vader'sleash. I recognized your foul stenchwhen I was brought on board.TARKINCharming to the last. You don't knowhow hard I found it signing the orderto terminate your life!LEIAI surprised you had the courage totake the responsibility yourself!TARKINPrincess Leia, before your executionI would like you to be my guest at aceremony that will make this battlestation operational. No star systemwill dare oppose the Emperor now.LEIAThe more you tighten your grip,Tarkin, the more star systems willslip through your fingers.TARKINNot after we demonstrate the powerof this station. In a way, you havedetermined the choice of the planetthat'll be destroyed first. Sinceyou are reluctant to provide us withthe location of the Rebel base, Ihave chosen to test this station'sdestructive power... on your homeplanet of Alderaan.LEIANo! Alderaan is peaceful. We have noweapons. You can't possibly...TARKINYou would prefer another target? Amilitary target? Then name the system!Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.TARKINI grow tired of asking this. So it'llbe the last time. Where is the Rebelbase?Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach toAlderaan.LEIA(softly)Dantooine.Leia lowers her head.LEIAThey're on Dantooine.TARKINThere. You see Lord Vader, she canbe reasonable.(addressing Motti)Continue with the operation. You mayfire when ready.LEIAWhat?TARKINYou're far too trusting. Dantooineis too remote to make an effectivedemonstration. But don't worry. Wewill deal with your Rebel friendssoon enough.LEIANo!INT. DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBERVADERCommence primary ignition.A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. Ahooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still anotherlever and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. Ahuge beam of light emanates from within a cone-shaped areaand converges into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan.The small green planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREABen watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker"robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters,seems almost faint.LUKEAre you all right? What's wrong?BENI felt a great disturbance in theForce... as if millions of voicessuddenly cried out in terror andwere suddenly silenced. I fearsomething terrible has happened.Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Thenhe fixes his gaze on Luke.BENYou'd better get on with yourexercises.Han Solo enters the room.HANWell, you can forget your troubleswith those Imperial slugs. I toldyou I'd outrun 'em.Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.HANDon't everyone thank me at once.Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in agame in which three-dimensional holographic figures movealong a chess-type board.HANAnyway, we should be at Alderaanabout oh-two-hundred hours.Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted tablecovered with small holographic monsters. Each side of thetable has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbaccaseems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur-covered arms over his head.THREEPIONow be careful, Artoo.Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with hisstubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creaturesto walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca'sface and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot.Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion andbegins to argue with the huge Wookiee.THREEPIOHe made a fair move. Screaming aboutit won't help you.HAN(interrupting)Let him have it. It's not wise toupset a Wookiee.THREEPIOBut sir, nobody worries aboutupsetting a droid.HANThat's 'cause droids don't pullpeople's arms out of their socketwhen they lose. Wookiees are knownto do that.THREEPIOI see your point, sir. I suggest anew strategy, Artoo. Let the Wookieewin.Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seemsfrozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over hishead. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.Han watches with a bit of smugness.BENRemember, a Jedi can feel the Forceflowing through him.LUKEYou mean it controls your actions?BENPartially. But it also obeys yourcommands.Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a"seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae,hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side ofthe youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swiftlunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn'tmove and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy,then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a bloodred laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causinghim to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.HANHokey religions and ancient weaponsare no match for a good blaster atyour side, kid.LUKEYou don't believe in the Force, doyou?HANKid, I've flown from one side ofthis galaxy to the other. I've seena lot of strange stuff, but I'venever seen anything to make me believethere's one all-powerful forcecontrolling everything. There's nomystical energy field that controlsmy destiny.Ben smiles quietly.HANIt's all a lot of simple tricks andnonsense.BENI suggest you try it again, Luke.Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers hiseyes.BENThis time, let go your consciousself and act on instinct.LUKE(laughing)With the blast shield down, I can'teven see. How am I supposed to fight?BENYour eyes can deceive you. Don'ttrust them.Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seekerinto the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, thendrops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindlymissing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hitsLuke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painfulyell and attempts to hit the seeker.BENStretch out with your feelings.Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker makesa dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect thebolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its originalposition.BENYou see, you can do it.HANI call it luck.BENIn my experience, there's no suchthing as luck.HANLook, going good against remotes isone thing. Going good against theliving? That's something else.Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of thecontrol panel.HANLooks like we're coming up onAlderaan.Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.LUKEYou know, I did feel something. Icould almost see the remote.BENThat's good. You have taken yourfirst step into a larger world.INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOMImperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and theevil Dark Lord Darth Vader.TARKINYes.OFFICER CASSOur scout ships have reachedDantooine. They found the remains ofa Rebel base, but they estimate thatit has been deserted for some time.They are now conducting an extensivesearch of the surrounding systems.TARKINShe lied! She lied to us!VADERI told you she would never consciouslybetray the Rebellion.TARKINTerminate her... immediately!EXT. HYPERSPACEThe pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strangesurreal light show surrounds the ship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHANStand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut inthe sublight engines.Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit windowstars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, thenstop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violentlyshake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, batteringthe sides of the ship.HANWhat the...? Aw, we've come out ofhyperspace into a meteor shower.Some kind of asteroid collision.It's not on any of the charts.The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very coolin the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncingcockpit.LUKEWhat's going on?HANOur position is correct, except...no, Alderaan!LUKEWhat do you mean? Where is it?HANThats what I'm trying to tell you,kid. It ain't there. It's been totallyblown away.LUKEWhat? How?Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins tosettle down.BENDestroyed... by the Empire!HANThe entire starfleet couldn't destroythe whole planet. It'd take a thousandships with more fire power thanI've...A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffledalarm starts humming.HANThere's another ship coming in.LUKEMaybe they know what happened.BENIt's an Imperial fighter.Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts outsidethe cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A tiny, finnedImperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit window.LUKEIt followed us!BENNo. It's a short range fighter.HANThere aren't any bases around here.Where did it come from?EXT. SPACEThe fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITLUKEIt sure is leaving in a big hurry.If they identify us, we're in bigtrouble.HANNot if I can help it. Chewie...jamit's transmissions.BENIt'd be as well to let it go. It'stoo far out of range.HANNot for long...EXT. SPACEThe pirateship zooms over the camera and away into thevastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITThe tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tinyfighter. In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighteruntil it is obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Benstands behind Chewbacca.BENA fighter that size couldn't getthis deep into space on its own.LUKEIt must have gotten lost, been partof a convoy or something.HANWell, he ain't going to be aroundlong enough to tell anyone about us.EXT. SPACEThe TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship asthey race toward camera and disappear over head.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITThe distant star can be distinguished as a small moon orplanet.LUKELook at him. He's headed for thatsmall moon.HANI think I can get him before he getsthere... he's almost in range.The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a monstrousspherical battle station.BENThat's no moon! It's a space station.HANIt's too big to be a space station.LUKEI have a very bad feeling about this.HANYeah, I think your right. Fullreverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliarypower.The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates awaytoward the gargantuan battle station.LUKEWhy are we still moving towards it?HANWe're caught in a tractor beam! It'spulling us in!LUKEBut there's gotta be something youcan do!HANThere's nothin' I can do about it,kid. I'm in full power. I'm going tohave to shut down. But they're notgoing to get me without a fight!Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.BENYou can't win. But there arealternatives to fighting.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DEATH STARAs the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesomemetal moon, the immense size of the massive battle stationbecomes staggering. Running along the equator of the giganticsphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into whichthe helpless pirateship is dragged.EXT. DEATH STAR - HUGE PORT DOORSThe helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking portcontrol room and huge laser turret cannons.VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOMClear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are opening the magneticfield.INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the DeathStar, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopersstand at attention in a central assembly area.OFFICERTo you stations!(to another officer)Come with me.INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAYStormtroopers run to their posts.INT. DEATH STAR - HANGAR 2037A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship inreadiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weaponsready to fire.OFFICERClose all outboard shields! Closeall outboard shields!INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOMTarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.TARKINYes.VOICE(over intercom)We've captured a freighter enteringthe remains of the Alderaan system.It's markings match those of a shipthat blasted its way out of MosEisley.VADERThey must be trying to return thestolen plans to the princess. Shemay yet be of some use to us.INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer andseveral heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.VOICE(over intercom)Unlock one-five-seven and nine.Release charges.OFFICER(to Vader)There's no one on board, sir.According to the log, the crewabandoned ship right after takeoff.It must be a decoy, sir. Several ofthe escape pods have been jettisoned.VADERDid you find any droids?OFFICERNo, sir. If there were any on board,they must also have jettisoned.VADERSend a scanning crew on board. Iwant every part of this ship checked.OFFICERYes, sir.VADERI sense something... a presence Ihaven't felt since...Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.OFFICERGet me a scanning crew in here onthe double. I want every part ofthis ship checked!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HALLWAYA trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. Ina few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distantofficer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenlypop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks hishead out of a third locker.LUKEBoy, it's lucky you had thesecompartments.HANI use them for smuggling. I neverthought I'd be smuggling myself inthem. This is ridiculous. Even if Icould take off, I'd never get pastthe tractor beam.BENLeave that to me!HANDamn fool. I knew that you were goingto say that!BENWho's the more foolish... the foolor the fool who follows him?Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agrees.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAYThe crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past thetwo stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.TROOPERThe ship's all yours. If the scannerspick up anything, report itimmediately. All right, let's go.The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing soundis followed by a voice calling to the guard below.HAN'S VOICEHey down there, could you give us ahand with this?The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfireis heard.INT. DEATH STAR - FORWARD BAY - COMMAND OFFICEIn a very small command office near the entrance to thepirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and noticesthe guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.GANTRY OFFICERTX-four-one-two. Why aren't you atyour post? TX-four-one-two, do youcopy?A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship andwaves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicatinghis comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes hishead in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide anannoyed look.GANTRY OFFICERTake over. We've got a badtransmitter. I'll see what I can do.As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealingthe towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentarystate of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chillinghowl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow.The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blastedby Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and therobots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dressedas a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.LUKEYou know, between his howling andyour blasting everything in sight,it's a wonder the whole stationdoesn't know we're here.HANBring them on! I prefer a straightfight to all this sneaking around.THREEPIOWe found the computer outlet, sir.Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map ofthe city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect itcarefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.BENPlug in. He should be able tointerpret the entire Imperial computernetwork.Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and thevast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding informationto the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.THREEPIOHe says he's found the main computerto power the tractor beam that'sholding the ship here. He'll try tomake the precise location appear onthe monitor.The computer monitor flashes readouts.THREEPIOThe tractor beam is coupled to themain reactor in seven locations. Apower loss at one of the terminalswill allow the ship to leave.Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.BENI don't think you boys can help. Imust go alone.HANWhatever you say. I've done morethat I bargained for on this tripalready.LUKEI want to go with you.BENBe patient, Luke. Stay and watchover the droids.LUKEBut he can...BENThey must be delivered safely orother star systems will suffer thesame fate as Alderaan. Your destinylies along a different path thanmine. The Force will be with you...always!Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently stepsout of the command office, then disappears down a long greyhallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his headin agreement.HANBoy you said it, Chewie.Han looks at Luke.HANWhere did you dig up that old fossil?LUKEBen is a great man.HANYeah, great at getting us intotrouble.LUKEI didn't hear you give any ideas...HANWell, anything would be better thanjust hanging around waiting for himto pick us up...LUKEWho do you think...Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.Luke goes over to him.LUKEWhat is it?THREEPIOI'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.He says "I found her", and keepsrepeating, "She's here."LUKEWell, who... who has he found?Artoo whistles a frantic reply.THREEPIOPrincess Leia.LUKEThe princess? She's here?HANPrincess? What's going on?THREEPIOLevel five. Detention block A A-twenty-three. I'm afraid she's scheduled tobe terminated.LUKEOh, no! We've got to do something.HANWhat are you talking about?LUKEThe droid belongs to her. She's theone in the message... We've got tohelp her.HANNow, look, don't get any funny ideas.The old man wants us to wait righthere.LUKEBut he didn't know she was here.Look, will you just find a way backinto the detention block?HANI'm not going anywhere.LUKEThey're going to execute her. Look,a few minutes ago you said you didn'twant to just wait here to be captured.Now all you want to do is stay.HANMarching into the detention area isnot what I had in mind.LUKEBut they're going to kill her!HANBetter her than me...LUKEShe's rich.Chewbacca growls.HANRich?LUKEYes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if youwere to rescue her, the reward wouldbe...HANWhat?LUKEWell more wealth that you can imagine.HANI don't know, I can imagine quite abit!LUKEYou'll get it!HANI better!LUKEYou will...HANAll right, kid. But you'd better beright about this.Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.LUKEAll right.HANWhat's your plan?LUKEUh... Threepio, hand me those bindersthere will you?Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.LUKEOkay. Now, I'm going to put these onyou.Chewie lets out a hideous growl.LUKEOkay. Han, you put these on.Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.HANDon't worry, Chewie. I think I knowwhat he has in mind.The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face asHan binds him with the electronic cuffs.THREEPIOMaster Luke, sir! Pardon me forasking... but, ah... what shouldArtoo and I do if we're discoveredhere?LUKELock the door!HANAnd hope they don't have blasters.THREEPIOThat isn't very reassuring.Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets andstart off into the giant Imperial Death Star.INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBEHan and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suitsas they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops,bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the triocompletely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curiousglance.Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.LUKEI can't see a thing in this helmet.A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled awayby Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed andthe elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN HALLWAYSeveral Imperial officers walk through the wide mainpassageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robotsimilar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far endof the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, thendisappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleetingthat it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion.No one in the hallway seems to notice him.INT. DEATH STAR - INTERIOR ELEVATOR - DETENTION SECURITYAREALuke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the doorslides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guardsenter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gatesare everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.HANThis is not going to work.LUKEWhy didn't you say so before?HANI did say so before!INT. DETENTION AREAElevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approachesthe trio.OFFICERWhere are you taking this... thing?Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to shutup.LUKEPrisoner transfer from Block one-one-three-eight.OFFICERI wasn't notified. I'll have to clearit.The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch inthe information. There are only three other troopers in thearea. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of thealarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one ofChewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with oneof his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.HANLook out! He's loose!LUKEHe's going to pull us all apart.HANGo get him!The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke andHan have already pulled out their laser pistols and areblasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage oflaserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, lasergate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is thelast of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he isabout to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlinksystem, which is screeching questions about what is goingon.  He quickly checks the computer readout.HANWe've got to find out which cellthis princess of yours is in. Hereit is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven.You go get her. I'll hold them here.Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks intothe buzzing comlink.HAN(sounding official)Everything is under control. Situationnormal.INTERCOM VOICEWhat happened?HAN(getting nervous)Uh... had a slight weaponsmalfunction. But, uh, everything'sperfectly all right now. We're fine.We're all fine here, now, thank you.How are you?INTERCOM VOICEWe're sending a squad up.HANUh, uh, negative. We had a reactorleak here now. Give us a few minutesto lock it down. Large leak... verydangerous.INTERCOM VOICEWho is this? What's your operatingnumber?Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.HANBoring conversation anyway.(yelling down thehall)Luke! We're going to have company!INT. DEATH STAR - CELL ROWLuke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the dooraway with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke seesthe dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleepingand is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look onher face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and standsstaring at her with his mouth hanging open.LEIA(finally)Aren't you a little short to be astormtrooper?Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.LUKEWhat? Oh... the uniform. I'm LukeSkywalker. I'm here to rescue you.LEIAYou're who?LUKEI'm here to rescue you. I've gotyour R2 unit. I'm here with BenKenobi.LEIABen Kenobi is here! Where is he?LUKECome on!INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOMDarth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at thefar end of the conference table.VADERHe is here...TARKINObi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you thinkso?VADERA tremor in the Force. The last timeI felt it was in the presence of myold master.TARKINSurely he must be dead by now.VADERDon't underestimate the power of theForce.TARKINThe Jedi are extinct, their fire hasgone out of the universe. You, myfriend, are all that's left of theirreligion.There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.TARKINYes.INTERCOM VOICEGovernor Tarkin, we have an emergencyalert in detention block A A-twenty-three.TARKINThe princess! Put all sections onalert!VADERObi-Wan is here. The Force is withhim.TARKINIf you're right, he must not beallowed to escape.VADEREscape is not his plan. I must facehim alone.INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - HALLWAYAn ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of theelevator door.HANChewie!Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.HANGet behind me! Get behind me!A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator doorthrough which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smokeand flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meetingup with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.HANCan't get out that way.LEIALooks like you managed to cut offour only escape route.HAN(sarcastically)Maybe you'd like it back in yourcell, Your Highness.Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as theycontinue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making theirway down the corridor.LUKESee-Threepio! See-Threepio!THREEPIO(over comlink)Yes sir?LUKEWe've been cut off! Are there anyother ways out of the cell bay?...What was that? I didn't copy!INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWERThreepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps andwhistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlinktransmitter.THREEPIOI said, all systems have been alertedto your presence, sir. The mainentrance seems to be the only way inor out; all other information onyour level is restricted.Someone begins banging on the door.TROOPER VOICEOpen up in there!THREEPIOOh, no!INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDORLuke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection asthey continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbaccaare barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the farand of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smokefills the narrow cell corridor.LUKEThere isn't any other way out.HANI can't hold them off forever! Nowwhat?LEIAThis is some rescue. When you camein here, didn't you have a plan forgetting out?HAN(pointing to Luke)He's the brains, sweetheart.Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.LUKEWell, I didn't...The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate inthe wall next to Han, almost frying him.HANWhat the hell are you doing?LEIASomebody has to save our skins. Intothe garbage chute, wise guy.She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbaccalook on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute andsays something.HANGet in there you big furry oaf! Idon't care what you smell! Get inthere and don't worry about it.Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into thetiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work theirway toward the opening.HANWonderful girl! Either I'm going tokill her or I'm beginning to likeher. Get in there!Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han firesoff a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, thenslides into the chute himself and is gone.INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMHan tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. Hefinds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won'tbudge.HAN(sarcastically)Oh! The garbage chute was a reallywonderful idea. What an incrediblesmell you've discovered! Let's getout of here! Get away from there...LUKENo! wait!Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. Thelaserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodesalmost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with arather grim look on her face.LUKEWill you forget it? I already triedit. It's magnetically sealed!LEIAPut that thing away! You're going toget us all killed.HANAbsolutely, Your Worship. Look, Ihad everything under control untilyou led us down here. You know, it'snot going to take them long to figureout what happened to us.LEIAIt could be worse...A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from themurky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and beginsto back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistolsdrawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.HANIt's worse.LUKEThere's something alive in here!HANThat's your imagination.LUKESomething just moves past my leg!Look! Did you see that?HANWhat?LUKEHelp!Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.HANLuke! Luke! Luke!Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of airand thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped aroundhis throat.LEIALuke!Leia extends a long pipe toward him.LEIALuke, Luke, grab a hold of this.LUKEBlast it, will you! My gun's jammed.HANWhere?LUKEAnywhere! Oh!!Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into themuck by the slimy tentacle.HANLuke! Luke!Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder andmove in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbaccahowls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Lukesuddenly bobs to the surface.LEIAGrab him!Luke seems to be released by the thing.LEIAWhat happened?LUKEI don't know, it just let go of meand disappeared...HANI've got a very bad feeling aboutthis.Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble andedge toward the Rebels.LUKEThe walls are moving!LEIADon't just stand there. Try to braceit with something.They place poles and long metal beams between the closingwalls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the gianttrashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.LUKEWait a minute!Luke pulls out his comlink.LUKEThreepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio!Where could he be?INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN GANTRY - COMMAND OFFICEA soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out forSee-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, whichis sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo andThreepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a greatexplosion and the door of the control tower flies across thefloor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.FIRST TROOPERTake over!(pointing to the deadofficer)See to him! Look there!A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door slidesopen. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo followshis bronze companion out into the office.THREEPIOThey're madmen! They're heading forthe prison level. If you hurry, youmight catch them.FIRST OFFICER(to his troops)Follow me! You stand guard.The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard towatch over the command office.THREEPIO(to Artoo)Come on!The guard aims a blaster at them.THREEPIOOh! All this excitement has overrunthe circuits of my counterpart here.If you don't mind, I'd like to takehim down to maintenance.TROOPERAll right.The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow, hurriesout the door.INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMAs the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with hisgiant paws.Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage issnapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.LUKEThreepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a pole.Leia begins to sink into the trash.HANGet to the top!LEIAI can'tLUKEWhere could he be? Threepio! Threepio,will you come in?INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELTHREEPIOThey aren't here! Something musthave happened to them. See if they'vebeen captured.Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wallsocket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew fromthe tiny robot.THREEPIOHurry!INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMThe walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced againstthe walls. The princess is frightened. They look at eachother. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holdsit tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feelsthe first crushing pressure against her body.HANOne thing's for sure. We're all goingto be a lot thinner!(to Leia)Get on top of it!LEIAI'm trying!INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELTHREEPIO(to Artoo)Thank goodness, they haven't foundthem! Where could they be?Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.THREEPIOUse the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot Iturned it off!INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMMeanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep hishead above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzzand he rips it off his belt.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELMuffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard,but not distinctly.THREEPIOAre you there, sir?INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMLUKEThreepio!INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELTHREEPIOWe've had some problems...LUKE(over comlink)Will you shut up and listen to me?Shut down all garbage mashers on thedetention level, will you? Do youcopy?INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMLUKEShut down all the garbage mashers onthe detention level.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELLUKE(over comlink)Shut down all the garbage mashers onthe detention level.THREEPIO(to Artoo)No. Shut them all down! Hurry!Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incrediblescreaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.THREEPIOListen to them! They're dying, Artoo!Curse my metal body! I wasn't fastenough. It's all my fault! My poormaster!LUKE(over comlink)Threepio, we're all right!INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOMThe screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief.The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embracein the background.LUKEWe're all right. You did great.Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for anumber.LUKEHey... hey, open the pressuremaintenance hatch on unit number...where are we?INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANELHAN(over comlink)Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.INT. DEATH STAR - TRACTOR BEAM - POWER GENERATOR TRENCHBen enters a humming service trench that powers the hugetractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep.The clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard.The old Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leadingto a control panel that connects two large cables. Hecarefully makes several adjustments in the computer terminal,and several lights on the board go from red to blue.INT. DEATH STAR - UNUSED HALLWAYThe group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blasterbelts.HANIf we can just avoid any more femaleadvice, we ought to be able to getout of here.Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blasterfrom Solo.LUKEWell, let's get moving!Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the garbageroom, as he runs away and then stops howling.HAN(to Chewie)Where are you going?The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimytentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for avictim. Han aims his pistol.LEIANo, wait. They'll hear!Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoesrelentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simplyshakes his head in disgust.HAN(to Chewie)Come here, you big coward!Chewie shakes his head "no."HANChewie! Come here!LEIAListen. I don't know who you are, orwhere you came from, but from nowon, you do as I tell you. Okay?Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.HANLook, Your Worshipfulness, let's getone thing straight! I take ordersfrom one person! Me!LEIAIt's a wonder you're still alive.(looking at Chewie)Will somebody get this big walkingcarpet out of my way?Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.HANNo reward is worth this.They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.INT. DEATH STAR - POWER TRENCHSuddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment ofstormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantlyslips into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a fewfeet of him.OFFICERSecure this area until the alert iscanceled.FIRST TROOPERGive me regular reports.All but two of the stormtroopers leave.FIRST TROOPERDo you know what's going on?SECOND TROOPERMaybe it's another drill.Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the stormtroopersas they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures with his handtoward them, as the troops think they hear something in theother hallway. With the help of the Force, Ben deftly slipspast the troopers and into the main hallway.SECOND TROOPERWhat was that?FIRST TROOPEROh, it's nothing. Don't worry aboutit.INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAYLuke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway andstop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopersare milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.HAN(looking at his ship)There she is.LUKESee-Threepio, do you copy?THREEPIO(voice)For the moment. Uh, we're in themain hangar across from the ship.LUKEWe're right above you. Stand by.Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out ofthe pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm andpoints out the window to the ship.LEIAYou came in that thing? You're braverthat I thought.HANNice! Come on!Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down thehallway. They round a corner and run right into twentyImperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups aretaken by surprise and stop in their tracks.FIRST TROOPERIt's them! Blast them!Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and chargesthe troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of thestormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain downthe corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.HAN(to Luke and Leia)Get back to the ship!LUKEWhere are you going? Come back!Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.LEIAHe certainly has courage.LUKEWhat good will it do us if he getshimself killed? Come on!Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it formuted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Lukeand Leia start off toward the starship hangar.INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAYHan chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He isyelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach adead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a fewfeet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troopsbegin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers aremoving into an attack position in front of the lonestarpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troopsbegin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAYChewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attemptto save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing oflaser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirateextraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host offurious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts runningthe other way also.INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAYLuke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush downa narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. Theyquickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through anopen hatchway.INT. DEATH STAR - CENTRAL CORE SHAFTLuke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridgethat spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity.The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft,and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balanceoff the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold ofhis arm and pulls him back.LUKE(gasping)I think we took a wrong turn.Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearbyreminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back atthe advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switchthat pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leavingthem precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.LEIAThere's no lock!Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.LUKEThat oughta hold it for a while.LEIAQuick, we've got to get across. Findthe control that extends the bridge.LUKEOh, I think I just blasted it.Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while thestormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin makingominous drilling and pounding sounds.LEIAThey're coming through!Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, whenlaserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistolat a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang acrossthe abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troopsappear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit,and grabs at his chest.Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit byLuke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers moveback off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.LUKEHere, hold this.Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility belt.It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a bridgeoverhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with therope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appearsand fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feetof more troops.LEIAHere they come!Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, andhe falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across thegorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. Hetugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs theprincess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses himquickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.LEIAFor luck!Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyssto the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just asLuke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, thestormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire atthe escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking intothe tiny subhallway.INT. DEATH STAR - NARROW PASSAGEWAYBen hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as severalstormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checksto make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in theopposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end ofthe hallway and starts after the old Jedi.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAYThreepio looks around at the troops milling about thepirateship entry ramp.THREEPIOWhere could they be?Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome leftand right, beeping a response.INT. DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR - BLAST SHIELDS DOORHan and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with severaltroopers hot on their trail.TROOPERClose the blast doors!At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close infront of them. The young starpilot and his furry companionrace past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manageto get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troopsbefore the doors slam shut.TROOPEROpen the blast doors! Open the blastdoors!INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAYBen hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangarwhere the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar,Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, notten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites hisand steps slowly forward.VADERI've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan.We meet again, at last. The circleis now complete.Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical offensiveposition. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive stance.VADERWhen I left you, I was but thelearner; now I am the master.BENOnly a master of evil, Darth.The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a fewmoments, sizing each other up and waiting for the rightmoment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain,as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. Heshakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes.Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checkedby a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash strokeby Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi'sblows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the DarkLord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar.The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few momentswith laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzingsound.VADERYour powers are weak, old man.BENYou can't win, Darth. If you strikeme down, I shall become more powerfulthan you can possibly imagine.Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAYHan Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean backagainst the wall surveying the forward bay, watching theImperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.HANDidn't we just leave this party?Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join them.HANWhat kept you?LEIAWe ran into some old friends.LUKEIs the ship all right?HANSeems okay, if we can get to it.Just hope the old man got the tractorbeam out of commission.INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAYVader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As theyhit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact.Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lordof The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from hisgroup's vantage point.LUKELook!Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vaderemerging from the hallways on the far side of the dockingbay.INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAYThreepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star'sImperial docking bay.THREEPIOCome on, Artoo, we're going!Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers whowere guarding the starship rush past them heading towardsBen and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAYSolo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. Thetroops rush toward the battling knights.HANNow's our chance! Go!They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troopscharging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vadertakes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and bringshis mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages todeflect the blow and swiftly turns around.The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, liftshis sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serenelook on his face.Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben'scloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at theempty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurersand the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in twoand starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.LUKENo!The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.The robots are already moving up the ramp into the MillenniumFalcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returnstheir fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up andadvances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.HAN(to Luke)Come on!LEIACome on! Luke, its too late!HANBlast the door! Kid!Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and itexplodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers chargeforward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a closebehind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of thedocking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of hisonrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops,as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. Hefires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.BEN'S VOICERun, Luke! Run!Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He turnstoward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from thetroopers and races into the ship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHan pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move.The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of theship as Chewie adjusts his controls.HANI hope the old man got that tractorbeam out if commission, or this isgoing to be a real short trip. Okay,hit it!Chewbacca growls in agreement.EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCONThe Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star dockingbay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastnessof space.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREALuke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares offblankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket aroundhim protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. Shesits down beside him.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITSolo spots approaching enemy ships.HAN(to Chewie)We're coming up on the sentry ships.Hold 'em off! Angle the deflectorshields while I charge up the mainguns!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREALuke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth,as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.LUKEI can't believe he's gone.Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.LEIAThere wasn't anything you could havedone.Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with theprincess.HAN(to Luke)Come on, buddy, we're not out ofthis yet!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPITSolo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREALuke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia headsfor the cockpit.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPITLuke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settlinginto one of the two main laser cannons mounted in largerotating turrets on either side of the ship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORTHan adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls ofhis laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.HAN(to Luke)You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPITChewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attackingTIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controlsas the ship bounces slightly.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT - COCKPITComputer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, asHan reaches for controls.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT - COCKPITLuke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the lasercannon's control button.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT.Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.LEIA(into intercom)Here they come!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - POV (POINT OF VIEW) -SPACEThe Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon,one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPITThe stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjustshis maneuvering joy stick.EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - IN SPACEThe TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams asit passes.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREAThreepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo.The pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out inthe room and then comes back on.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTSA TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it andfires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, asthe fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minorhit, and bounces slightly.EXT. SPACETwo TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSLuke fires at an unseen fighter.LUKEThey're coming in too fast!EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERSPan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through thebackground. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CHEWBACCAThe ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to thecockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.EXT. TIE FIGHTER - SPACEFull shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame,firing on the pirate starship.EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERSThe two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at thepirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN PASSAGEWAYA laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. Theship lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinetfill of small computer chips.THREEPIOOooh!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTSLeia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulatesthe ship's controls.LEIAWe've lost lateral controls.HANDon't worry, she'll hold together.An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel,causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.HAN(to ship)You hear me, baby? Hold together!Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking controlpanel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardantbeeping all the while.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTLuke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighterwith his laser cannon.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSolo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.EXT. SPACEA TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITLeia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.EXT. SPACEA TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zoomsoverhead.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSLuke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firinglaserbeams from his cannon.EXT. TIE FIGHTERA TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSLuke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows afighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. Heconnects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughsvictoriously.EXT. SPACETwo TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon,unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSAnother TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke,smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectaculardirect hit.LUKEGot him! I got him!Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefullyreturns.HANGreat kid! Don't get cocky.Han turns back to his laser cannon.EXT. SPACETwo more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITWhile Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, lookingover her shoulder out the ports.LEIAThere are still two more of them outthere!EXT. SPACEA TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblastsat it.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSLuke and Han look into their respective projected targetscreens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Hanswivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his lasercannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reactsin a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting hisface.EXT. SPACEThe TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firingdestructive blasts at it.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSLuke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter,and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projectedscreen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bouncesslightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERThe last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in,firing upon the Falcon.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTSolo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arcof the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at thepirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannonhits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic showerof burning fragments.LUKE(laughing)That's it! We did it!The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory hug.LEIAWe did it!INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - PASSAGEWAYThreepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangledin the smoking, sparking wires.THREEPIOHelp! I think I'm melting!(to Artoo)This is all your fault.Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in response.EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCONThe victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majesticallythrough space.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMDarth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin iswatching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.TARKINAre they away?VADERThey have just made the jump intohyperspace.TARKINYou're sure the homing beacon issecure aboard their ship? I'm takingan awful risk, Vader. This had betterwork.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHan, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls ofthe ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check thedamage. Leia is seated near Han.HANNot a bad bit of rescuing, huh? Youknow, sometimes I even amaze myself.LEIAThat doesn't sound too hard. Besides,they let us go. It's the onlyexplanation for the ease of ourescape.HANEasy... you call that easy?LEIATheir tracking us!HANNot this ship, sister.Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.LEIAAt least the information in Artoo isstill intact.HANWhat's so important? What's hecarrying?LEIAThe technical readouts of that battlestation. I only hope that when thedata is analyzed, a weakness can befound. It's not over yet!HANIt is for me, sister! Look, I ain'tin this for your revolution, and I'mnot in it for you, Princess. I expectto be well paid. I'm in it for themoney!LEIAYou needn't worry about your reward.If money is all that you love, thenthat's what you'll receive!She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit,passes Luke coming in.LEIAYour friend is quite a mercenary. Iwonder if he really cares aboutanything... or anyone.LUKEI care!Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and Hanstare out at the vast blackness of space.LUKESo... what do you think of her, Han?HANI'm trying not to, kid!LUKE(under his breath)Good...HANStill, she's got a lot of spirit. Idon't know, what do you think? Doyou think a princess and a guy likeme...LUKENo!Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles atyoung Luke's jealousy.EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVINThe battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planetYavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVINThe pirateship soars over the dense jungle.EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOSTAn alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barelyvisible in the foliage.EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE TEMPLERotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient templelies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with thefantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and theothers are greeted by the Rebel troops.Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an armoredmilitary speeder.INT. MASSASSI - MAIN HANGAR DECKThe military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, setup in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, thecommander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group andgives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.WILLARD(holding Leia)You're safe! We had feared the worst.Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.WILLARDWhen we heard about Alderaan, wewere afraid that you were... lostalong with your father.LEIAWe don't have time for our sorrows,Commander. The battle station hassurely tracked us here.(looking pointedly toHan)It's the only explanation for theease of our escape. You must use theinformation in this R2 unit to planthe attack. It is our only hope.EXT. SPACEThe surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the redplanet Yavin.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMGrand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in theirdiscussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answerthe call.TARKINYes.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICEWe are approaching the planet Yavin. The Rebel base is on amoon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.EXT. YAVIN - JUNGLEA lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape,surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle oftwisted green.INT. MASSASSI - WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREADodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leiaand several other senators are to one side of the giantreadout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots,navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone islistening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han andChewbacca are standing near the back.DODONNAThe battle station is heavily shieldedand carries a firepower greater thanhalf the star fleet. It's defensesare designed around a direct large-scale assault. A small one-man fightershould be able to penetrate the outerdefense.Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties, standsand addresses Dodonna.GOLD LEADERPardon me for asking, sir, but whatgood are snub fighters going to beagainst that?DODONNAWell, the Empire doesn't consider asmall one-man fighter to be anythreat, or they'd have a tighterdefense. An analysis of the plansprovided by Princess Leia hasdemonstrated a weakness in the battlestation.Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beepingsounds, and turns his head from right to left.DODONNAThe approach will not be easy. Youare required to maneuver straightdown this trench and skim the surfaceto this point. The target area isonly two meters wide. It's a smallthermal exhaust port, right belowthe main port. The shaft leadsdirectly to the reactor system. Aprecise hit will start a chainreaction which should destroy thestation.A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.DODONNAOnly a precise hit will set up achain reaction. The shaft is ray-shielded, so you'll have to use protontorpedoes.Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot aboutsixteen years old.WEDGEThat's impossible, even for acomputer.LUKEIt's not impossible. I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my T-sixteen backhome. They're not much bigger thantwo meters.DODONNAMan your ships! And may the Force bewith you!The group rises and begins to leave.EXT. SPACEThe Death Star begins to move around the planet toward thetiny green moon.INT. DEATH STARTarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen withinterest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one anotheron the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin andthe forth moon.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICEOrbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with theRebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.VADERThis will be a day long remembered.It has seen the end of Kenobi and itwill soon see the end of theRebellion.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECKLuke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceshiphangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments andunlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from thisactivity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxesonto an armored speeder.MAN'S VOICE(over loudspeaker)All flight trooper, man your stations.All flight troops, man your stations.Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighterpilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight ofhis friend's departure.LUKESo... you got your reward and you'rejust leaving then?HANThat's right, yeah! I got some olddebts I've got to pay off with thisstuff. Even if I didn't, you don'tthink I'd be fool enough to stickaround here, do you? Why don't youcome with us? You're pretty good ina fight. I could use you.LUKE(getting angry)Come on! Why don't you take a lookaround? You know what's about tohappen, what they're up against.They could use a good pilot likeyou. You're turning your back onthem.HANWhat good's a reward if you ain'taround to use it? Besides, attackingthat battle station ain't my idea ofcourage. It's more like suicide.LUKEAll right. Well, take care ofyourself, Han. I guess that's whatyou're best at, isn't it?Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.HANHey, Luke... may the Force be withyou!Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand ina small wave and then goes off.Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,HANWhat're you lookin' at? I know whatI'm doing.INT. MAIN HANGAR DECK - LUKE'S SHIPLuke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.LEIAWhat's wrong?LUKEOh, it's Han! I don't know, I reallythought he'd change his mind.LEIAHe's got to follow his own path. Noone can choose it for him.LUKEI only wish Ben were here.Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Lukeheads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabshis arm.BIGGSLuke! I don't believe it! How'd youget here... are you going out withus?!LUKEBiggs! Of course, I'll be up therewith you! Listen, have I got somestories to tell...Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes upbehind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a bornleader.RED LEADERAre you... Luke Skywalker? Have youbeen checked out on the Incom T-sixty-five?BIGGSSir, Luke is the best bushpilot inthe outer rim territories.Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front ofhis fighter.RED LEADERI met your father once when I wasjust a boy, he was a great pilot.You'll do all right. If you've gothalf of your father's skill, you'lldo better than all right.LUKEThank you, sir. I'll try.Red Leader hurries to his own ship.BIGGSI've got to get aboard. Listen, you'lltell me your stories when we comeback. All right?LUKEI told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.BIGGS(going off)You did, all right. It's going to belike old times, Luke. We're a coupleof shooting stars that'll never bestopped!Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads forhis ship.As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, deadlyspaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, pointsto little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on theback of the fighter.CHIEFThis R2 unit of your seems a bitbeat up. Do you want a new one?LUKENot on your life! That little droidand I have been through a lottogether.(to Artoo)You okay, Artoo?The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part ofthe exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beepsthat he is fine.Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts anhis helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massivehangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partnerinto Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoobeeps good-bye.CHIEFOkay, easy she goes!THREEPIOHang on tight,Artoo, you've got tocome back.Artoo beeps in agreement.THREEPIOYou wouldn't want my life to getboring, would you?Artoo whistles his reply.All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as thepilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. Thehum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distortedvoice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hosesare disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpitshields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman,holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a traceof a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.BEN'S VOICELuke, the Force will be with you.Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLEAll that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standingon a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. Themuted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate thiseerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ionrockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliagein a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloudcover.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMThe princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietlybefore the giant display showing the planet Yavin and itsfour moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star movesever closer to the system. A series of green dots appeararound the fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fillsthe war room.MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICEStand-by alert. Death Starapproaching. Estimated time to firingrange, fifteen minutes.EXT. SPACEThe Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surfaceof Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flyingin formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.EXT. SPACE - ANOTHER ANGLELight from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glowaround a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying information settle ominously in the foreground and very slowlypull away.INT. RED LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPITRed Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights,looking to each side at his wing men.RED LEADERAll wings report in.INT. ANOTHER COCKPITOne of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.RED TENRed Ten standing by.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBiggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready forcombat.RED SEVEN(over Biggs' headset)Red Seven standing by.BIGGSRed Three standing by.INT. PORKINS' COCKPITPORKINSRed Six standing by.RED NINE(over headset)Red Nine standing by.INT. WEDGE'S FIGHTER - COCKPITWEDGERed Two standing by.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITRED ELEVEN(over headset)Red Eleven standing by.LUKERed Five standing by.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERArtoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns hishead from side to side and makes beeping sounds.INT. RED LEADER'S FIGHTER - COCKPITRED LEADERLock S-foils in attack position.EXT. SPACEThe group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward theDeath Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X"position.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITREAD LEADER(over headset)We're passing through their magneticfield.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERHold tight!INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on theapproaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffetedslightly.RED LEADER(over headset)Switch your deflectors on.INT. ANOTHER COCKPITRED LEADER(over headset)Double front!EXT. SPACEThe fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. TheDeath Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly insize as the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on themetallic surface begin to become visible. A large dish antennais built into the surface on one side.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesomespectacle.WEDGELook at the size of that thing!RED LEADER(over headset)Cut the chatter, Red Two.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERAccelerate to attack speed. This isit, boys!EXT. SPACEAs the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesomesize of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Halfof the deadly space station is in shadow and this areasparkles with thousands of small lights running in thin linesand occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like acity at night as seen from a weather satellite.INT. GOLD LEADER'S COCKPITGOLD LEADERRed Leader, this is Gold Leader.RED LEADER(over headset)I copy, Gold Leader.GOLD LEADERWe're starting for the target shaftnow.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star loomingin from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth inthe background. He moves his computer targeting device intoposition.RED LEADERWe're in position. I'm going to cutacross the axis and try and drawtheir fire.EXT. SPACETwo squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings divetowards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow acrossthe dark grey expanse of the huge station.INT. DEATH STARAlarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo-powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotatethe huge guns into position as crew adjust their targetingdevices.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARLaserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel X-wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the DeathStar aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces andfires.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMPrincess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.Threepio is at her side.WEDGE(over war room speakersystem)Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.RED LEADER(over speaker)I see it. Stay low.EXT. SPACEAn X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.INT. DEATH STARTechnical crews scurry here and there loading last-minutearmaments and unlocking power cables.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.EXT. SPACEX-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrousfortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpitwindow.LUKEThis is Red Five; I'm going in!EXT. SPACELuke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streakfrom Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion onthe dim surface.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITTerror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be ableto pull out in time to avoid the fireball.BIGGS(over headset)Luke, pull up!EXT. SURFACE OF DEATH STARLuke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edgesof his wings slightly scorched.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBIGGSAre you all right?INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief.Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.LUKEI got a little cooked, but I'm okay.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARRebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surfacewith laserbolts.INT. DEATH STARWalls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown inall directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm andforeboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushesup to him.ASTRO-OFFICERWe count thirty Rebel ships, LordVader. But they're so small they'reevading our turbo-lasers!VADERWe'll have to destroy them ship toship. Get the crews to their fighters.INT. DEATH STARSmoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up theirturbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushesabout preparing for another blast. Even the troopers headgear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelmingnoise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmetwith his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.INT. READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGRed Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.RED LEADERLuke, let me know when you're goingin.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGThe Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nosedown and starts his attack dive.LUKEI'm on my way in now...RED LEADERWatch yourself! There's a lot offire coming from the right side ofthat deflection tower.LUKEI'm on it.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizonand down onto the dim grey surface.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELINGA shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward theonrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacementserupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower onthe surface.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGThe blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit windowas a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success ofhis run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvershis craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away fromthe surface towards the heavens.INT. DEATH STARThe thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughoutthe massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smokeand chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash ofexplosions.INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELINGBiggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, andgun towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. Adense barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.INT. DEATH STARImperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of smallauxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMPrincess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, pacesnervously before a lighted computer table. On all sidestechnicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonnawatches quietly from one corner. One of the officers workingover a screen speaks into his headset.CONTROL OFFICERSquad leaders, we've picked up a newgroup of signals. Enemy fighterscoming your way.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGLuke looks around to see if he can spot the approachingImperial fighters.LUKEMy scope's negative. I don't seeanything.INT. RED LEADER'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGThe Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searchesthe sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.RED LEADERKeep up your visual scanning. Withall this jamming, they'll be on topof you before your scope can pickthem up.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARSilhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon,four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Panwith the remaining two TIE ships.INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELINGBiggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. Thehorizon in the background twists around as he peels off,hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERBiggs! You've picked one up... watchit!BIGGSI can't see it! Where is he?!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARBiggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followedby an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires severallaserbolts at Biggs, but misses.INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELINGBiggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, tryingto avoid him.BIGGSHe's on me tight, I can't shake him...I can't shake him.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARBiggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives towardthe Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIEfighter, who sticks close to his tail.INT. X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGLuke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around tonormal attitude as he comes out of his dive.LUKEHang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARBiggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, nowfollowed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out ofsight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.EXT. SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STARIn the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across theDeath Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in thebackground.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGThere is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship explodingin a mass of flames.LUKEGot him!INT. DEATH STARDarth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor,flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.VADERSeveral fighters have broken offfrom the main group. Come with me!INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMA concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and otherofficers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readoutscreen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on theroom's loudspeaker.BIGGS(over speaker)Pull in! Luke... pull in!WEDGE(over speaker)Watch your back, Luke!INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITWEDGE(over headset)Watch your back! Fighter's aboveyou, coming in!EXT. SPACELuke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as hespots the tailing TIE fighter.INT. TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPITThe TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.EXT. SPACEThe Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.LUKEI'm hit, but not bad.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERSmoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.LUKE'S VOICEArtoo, see what you can do with it.Hang on back there.Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as hishead turns.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke nervously works his controls.RED LEADER(over headset)Red Six...INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMIn the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worriesabout Luke.RED LEADER(over speaker)Can you see Red Five?RED TEN(over speaker)There's a heavy fire zone on thisside. Red Five, where are you?INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away fromthe Death Star surface.LUKEI can't shake him!EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star,an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITThe Death Star whips below Wedge.WEDGEI'm on him, Luke!INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITWEDGE(over headset)Hold on!EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARWedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIEfighter.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke reacts frantically.LUKEBlast it! Wedge where are you?INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPITThe fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another X-wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire onthe Imperial fighter.EXT. SPACEThe TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke looks about in relief.LUKEThanks, Wedge.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listeningto the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war roomintercom.BIGGS(over speaker)Good shooting, Wedge!GOLD LEADER(over speaker)Red Leader...INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches atthe Death Star surface pole.GOLD LEADERThis is Gold Leader. We're startingout attack run.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThree Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the starstoward the Death Star surface.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others are grouped around the screen, astechnicians move about attending to their duties.RED LEADER(over speaker)I copy, Gold Leader. Move intoposition.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThree Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive towardthe Death Star surface.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITDarth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the starswhip past in the window above his head.VADERStay in attack formation!INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMTechnicians are seated at the computer readout table.GOLD LEADER(over speaker)The exhaust post is...INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGOLD LEADER...marked and locked in!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARGold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim thesurface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deeptrench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past aslaserfire is returned by the Death Star.INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELINGGold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very batteredhelmet that looks like it's been through many battles. Helooks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter isbuffeted by Imperial flak.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to theexhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasingnumbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it tobounce about.GOLD LEADERSwitch power to front deflectorscreens.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThree Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench,as laserbolts streak past on all sides.EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTSAn exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebelfighters.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGOLD LEADERHow many guns do you think, GoldFive.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMGOLD FIVE(over speaker)I'd say about twenty guns. Some onthe surface, some on the towers.Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected targetscreen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red targetnear the center blinks on and off.MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE(over speaker)Death Star will be in range in fiveminutes.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom overheadthrough a hail of laserfire.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in frontof his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel craft.GOLD LEADERSwitching to targeting computer.INT. GOLD TWO'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down histargeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders underintense laser barrage.GOLD TWOComputer's locked. Getting a signal.As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenlyall the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trenchas the surface whips past in a blur.GOLD TWOThe guns... they've stopped!EXT. GOLD FIVE'S COCKPITGold Five looks behind him.GOLD FIVEStabilize your read deflectors. Watchfor enemy fighters.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGOLD LEADERThey've coming in! Three marks attwo ten.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThree Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flankedby two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost verticallytoward the Death Star surface.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITDarth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the starszoom by.VADERI'll take them myself! Cover me!WINGMAN'S VOICE(over speaker)Yes, sir.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThree TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader'shands grip the control stick as he presses the button.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITThe cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARAs Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCHThe three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tightformation.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader panics.GOLD LEADER(into mike)I can't maneuver!INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.GOLD FIVEStay on target.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITThe Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as headjusts his targeting device.GOLD LEADERWe're too close.INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPITThe older pilot remains calm.GOLD FIVEStay on target!INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITNow he's really panicked.GOLD LEADERLoosen up!INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes thefire button.INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARGold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris inall directions.INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPITGold Five moves in on the exhaust port.GOLD FIVEGold Five to Red Leader...INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of hiscockpit.GOLD FIVE(over headset)Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERI copy, Gold Five.INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPITGOLD FIVEThey came from behind...EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAROne of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter,blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward theDeath Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during hisdescent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spinstoward his death.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMGrant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the DeathStar's control room.OFFICERWe've analyzed their attack, sir,and there is a danger. Should I haveyour ship standing by?TARKINEvacuate? In out moment of triumph?I think you overestimate theirchances!Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames movearound the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbersread across the bottom.VOICE(over speaker)Rebel base, three minutes and closing.INT. READ LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader looks over at his wingmen.RED LEADERRed Group, this is Red Leader.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMDodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computerkeys.RED LEADER(over speaker)Rendezvous at mark six point one.WEDGE(over speaker)This is Red Two. Flying toward you.BIGGS(over speaker)Red Three, standing by.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITDODONNA(over headset)Red Leader, this is Base One. Keephalf your group out of range for thenext run.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITRED LEADER'S VOICE(over headset)Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Twoand Three. Hold up here and wait formy signal... to start your run.Luke nods his head.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formationhigh above the Death Star's surface.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke peers out from his cockpit.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARTwo X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. RedLeader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to theexhaust port.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. Hebegins to perspire.RED LEADERThis is it!EXT. SPACERed Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasersstreak across the black heavens.EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTSA huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approachingRebel fighters.EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCHThe Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.INT. RED TEN'S COCKPITRed Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.RED TENWe should be able to see it by now.EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCHFrom the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of theDeath Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting towardthem.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERKeep your eyes open for thosefighters!INT. RED TEN'S COCKPITRED TENThere's too much interference!EXT. SPACE - DEATH STAR TRENCHThree X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Startrench.RED TEN'S VOICERed Five, can you see them from whereyou are?INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks down at the Death Star surface below.LUKENo sign of any... wait!INT. RED TEN'S COCKPITRed Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.LUKE(over headset)Coming in point three five.RED TENI see them.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThree TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in atight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solarfins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyesand makes several adjustments.RED LEADERI'm in range.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARRed Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERTarget's coming up!Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. Hethen looks into his targeting device.RED LEADERJust hold them off for a few seconds.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wingfighters.VADERClose up formation.EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCHThe three TIE fighters move in formation across the DeathStar surface.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader lines up his target on the targeting device crosshairs.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARVader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and RedTwelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of thefront porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader'scomputer screen.EXT. SPACERed Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, andit explodes into flames against the trench.INT. RED TEN'S COCKPITRed Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoidVader's fighter behind him.RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.RED LEADERAlmost there!INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT.Red Ten panics.RED TENI can't hold them!EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARVader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit ofthe Rebel fighters.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.INT. RED TEN'S COCKPITDarth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable,and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish andpain.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARRed Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITGrimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computertargeting device, which shows the target lined up in thecross hairs, and fires.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRED LEADERIt's away!INT. DEATH STARAn armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor fromthe attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about thecorridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others stare at the computer screen.RED NINE'S VOICE(over speaker)It's a hit!RED LEADER(over speaker)Negative.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tinyexplosions are visible in the distance.RED LEADERNegative! It didn't go in. It justimpacted on the surface.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR - TIE FIGHTERDarth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passesthe Death Star horizon.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader swings his ship around for the next kill.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITLUKE(over headset)Red Leader, we're right above you.Turn to point...INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the DeathStar surface.LUKE...oh-five; we'll cover for you.RED LEADER(over headset)Stay there...INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITA wary Red Leader looks about nervously.RED LEADER...I just lost my starboard engine.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.RED LEADER(over headset)Get set to make your attack run.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks,and he presses their firing buttons.INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPITRed Leader fights to gain control of his ship.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARLaserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connectingwith Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it,creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and isdestroyed.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion farbelow. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of hissituation.INT. DEATH STARGrand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICERebel base, one minute and closing.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMDodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listenintently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grimafter Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces theroom.LUKE(over speaker)Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up.We're going in. We're going in fullthrottle.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITThe horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.WEDGERight with you, boss.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe two X-wings peel off against a background of stars anddive toward the Death Star.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBIGGSLuke, at that speed will you be ableto pull out in time?INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLUKEIt'll be just like Beggar's Canyonback home.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITLuke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.BIGGSWe'll stay back far enough to coveryou.INT. LUKE'S COCKPITFlak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.WEDGE(over headset)My scope shows the tower, but I can'tsee the exhaust port! Are you surethe computer can hit it?EXT. DEATH STAR - GUN EMPLACEMENTSThe Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shootslaserbolts.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinksfor a moment and then moves his targeting device intoposition.LUKEWatch yourself! Increase speed fullthrottle!INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.WEDGEWhat about the tower?INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLUKEYou worry about those fighters! I'llworry about the tower!EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACELuke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned,knicking one of his wings close to the engine.LUKE(to Artoo)Artoo... that, that stabilizer'sbroken loose again! See if you can'tlock it down!EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERArtoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes byin the background, making his delicate task seem even moreprecarious.EXT. DEATH STARTwo laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARVader and his wingmen zoom closer.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-wings flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others are grouped around the computer board.WEDGE(over speaker)I'm hit! I can't stay with you.LUKE(over speaker)Get clear, Wedge.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLUKEYou can't do any more good back there!INT. WEDGE'S COCKPITWEDGESorry!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARWedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.VADERLet him go! Stay on the leader!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARLuke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters,still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBiggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.BIGGSHurry, Luke, they're coming in muchfaster this time. I can't hold them!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Lukeand Biggs.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.LUKEArtoo, try and increase the power!EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERIgnoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping Artoo-Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning fromside to side.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARStealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader adjusts his control stick.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBiggs looks around at the TIE fighters.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERLuke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for amoment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computertargeter.BIGGS(over headset)Hurry up, Luke!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARVader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBiggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.BIGGSWait!INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader squeezes the fire button on his controls.INT. BIGGS' COCKPITBiggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARBiggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scattersacross the surface.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others stare at the computer board.INT. LUKE'S X-WING COCKPITLuke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, buthis anger is also growing.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMGrand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen withsatisfaction.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICERebel base, thirty seconds andclosing.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.VADERI'm on the leader.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR - LUKE'S SHIPLuke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMPrincess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtfulglances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seemsnervous.THREEPIOHang on, Artoo!INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke concentrates on his targeting device.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThree TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader's finger's curls around the control stick.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's ship charges down the trench.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targetingdevice's screen. He looks into the targeting device, thenstarts at a voice he hears.BEN'S VOICEUse the Force, Luke.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe Death Star trench zooms by.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke looks up, then starts to look back into the targetingdevice. He has second thoughts.BEN'S VOICELet go, Luke.A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closeshis eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's fighter streaks through the trench.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVADERThe Force is strong with this one!EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARVader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hearsBen's voice.BEN'S VOICELuke, trust me.Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses thebutton. The targeting device moves away.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others stand watching the projected screen.BASE VOICE(over speaker)His computer's off. Luke, you switchedoff your targeting computer. What'swrong?LUKE(over speaker)Nothing. I'm all right.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPITLuke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERArtoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping inanticipation.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen,follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfireshoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERA large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The armsgo limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitchedsound.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTERSmoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin tofly.LUKEI've lost Artoo!Artoo's beeping sounds die out.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others stare intently at the projected screen,while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing theDeath Star and targets glow brightly.MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICEThe Death Star has cleared the planet.The Death Star has cleared the planet.INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOMTarkin glares at the projected target screen.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICERebel base, in range.TARKINYou may fire when ready.DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICECommence primary ignition.An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control panel,as green lighted buttons turn to red.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench inpursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.INT. LUKE'S COCKPITLuke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projectedtargeting screen.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's ship barrels down the trench.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vadertakes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.VADERI have you now.He pushes the fire buttons.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARThe three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's centerfighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE shipsat his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remainingships continue to move in.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader'swingman.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.VADERWhat?INT. DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN - COCKPITVader's wingman searches around him trying to locate theunknown attacker.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHan and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.HAN(yelling)Yahoo!EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.It's a collision course.INT. WINGMAN'S COCKPITThe wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns theDark Lord.WINGMANLook out!EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCHVader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming piratestarship and veers radically to one side, colliding withVader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashesinto the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damagedship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARVader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin,heading for deep space.INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPITVader turns round and round in circles as his ship spinsinto space.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARSolo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITSolo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.HAN(into mike)You're all clear, kid.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOMLeia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.HAN(over speaker)Now let's blow this thing and gohome!INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaustport, then fires his laser torpedoes.EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STARLuke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simplydisappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots dofind their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and areheading for the main reactor.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke throws his head back in relief.INT. DEATH STARAn Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pullsthe attack lever as the board behind him lights up.INTERCOM VOICEStand by to fire at Rebel base.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARTwo X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavinin the distance.INT. DEATH STARSeveral Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand MoffTarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.INTERCOM VOICEStanding by.The rumble of a distant explosion begins.EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STARThe Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-likeDeath Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several smallflashes appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into asupernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display.INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPITHANGreat shot, kid. That was one in amillion.INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPITLuke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.BEN'S VOICERemember, the Force will be withyou... always.The ship rocks back and forth.EXT. DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTERVader's ship spins off into space.EXT. SPACEThe Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGARLuke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by athrong of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladderas they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting.Princess Leia rushes toward him.LEIALuke! Luke! Luke!She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dancearound in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embraceone another, slapping each other on the back.HAN(laughing)Hey! Hey!LUKE(laughing)I knew you'd come back! I just knewit!HANWell, I wasn't gonna let you get allthe credit and take all the reward.Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shovesat Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.LEIA(laughing)Hey, I knew there was more to youthan money.Luke looks toward the ship.LUKEOh, no!The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of thefighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.THREEPIOOh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Saysomething!(to mechanic)You can repair him, can't you?TECHNICIANWe'll get to work on him right away.THREEPIOYou must repair him! Sir, if any ofmy circuits or gears will help, I'llgladly donate them.LUKEHe'll be all right.INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOMLuke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the maintemple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Bannersare flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, thebeautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnlymarch up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. Fromone side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repairedArtoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next toan equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by thewhole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several otherdignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia isdressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. Hewinks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, whois moved by the event. They turn and face the assembledtroops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoobeeps with happiness.FADE OUT:END CREDITS OVER STARSTHE END